POLICY   NUMBER:    CPP  1000067  00                                                      COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                            CA  22 57 11 25
                  THIS   ENDORSEMENT          CHANGES       THE   POLICY.     PLEASE      READ    IT CAREFULLY.
                   WASHINGTON                   PERSONAL               INJURY          PROTECTION                 –
                                               NAMED           INDIVIDUALS
            If you are an individual and your covered "auto" is licensed or principally garaged in, or "auto dealer operations"
            are conducted  in, Washington, this endorsement modifies insurance provided  under the following:
               AUTO   DEALERS    COVERAGE     FORM
               BUSINESS    AUTO   COVERAGE     FORM
               MOTOR    CARRIER    COVERAGE     FORM
            This endorsement  changes  the Policy effective on the inception date of the Policy unless another date is indicated
            below.
             Named   Insured: JAMES   MARSH
             Endorsement   Effective Date:  08/07/2017
            We   agree with the  "Named   Insured", subject to all of the provisions of this endorsement   and  to all of the
            provisions of the Coverage Form, except  as modified herein, as follows:
                                                              SCHEDULE
             The following benefits apply unless otherwise indicated below or in the Declarations:
                X  Basic  Personal  Injury Protection Benefits
                                Benefits                                        Limit Per Person
                   Medical  And  Hospital Expenses     $  10,000
                   Funeral  Expenses                   $   2,000
                   Income   Continuation               $  10,000  subject to a maximum    of $200 per week
                   Loss  Of Services  Benefit          $   5,000  subject to a maximum    of $40 per day  not to exceed
                                                                  $200  per week
                   Increased  Limits Personal  Injury Protection Benefits
                   If indicated as applicable above or in the Declarations, the following increased limits personal injury
                   protection benefits apply, instead of the corresponding basic limits personal injury protection benefits.
                                Benefits                                        Limit Per Person
                   Medical  And  Hospital Expenses     $  35,000
                   Funeral  Expenses                   $   2,000
                   Income   Continuation               $  35,000  subject to a maximum    of $700 per week
                   Loss  Of Services  Benefit          $  14,600  subject to a maximum    of $40 per day
             Information required to complete this Schedule, if not shown above, will be shown in the Declarations.
            CA  22 57 11 25                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2025                       Page  1 of 4
--- Page 2 ---
A. Coverage                                                      b.  The expiration of 52 weeks from the date of
                                                                                 the "accident"; or
               We   will pay Personal Injury Protection benefits to
               or for an "insured" who  sustains "bodily injury" in           c. The date of such "insured's" death.
               an   "accident"  arising out   of the   ownership,
                                                                          4. Funeral  Expenses.
               maintenance    or use  of an  "auto"  as an  auto.
                                                                       B. Who  Is An Insured
               Subject  to the limits shown in the Schedule for the
               Personal  Injury Protection coverage  benefits that        1. The  "Named  Insured".
               apply,  these Personal   Injury Protection benefits
                                                                          2. If the "Named   Insured"  is an individual, any
               consist of the following:
                                                                             "family member".
                1. Medical And Hospital Expenses.  All reasonable
                                                                          3. Any  other person  while "occupying" or using a
                   and  necessary  expenses   incurred  by  or on
                                                                             covered  "auto".
                   behalf of the "insured" within three years from
                                                                          4. A   pedestrian  if the  "accident"  involves  a
                   the date of the "accident" for medical, surgical,
                                                                             covered  "auto".
                   x-ray   and     dental   services,    including
                   pharmaceuticals,  prosthetic devices  and  eye
                                                                       C. Exclusions
                   glasses, and  necessary  ambulance,   hospital,
                                                                          We  will not pay Personal Injury Protection benefits
                   professional nursing.
                                                                          for "bodily injury":
                2. Income  Continuation.  The  "insured's" loss of
                                                                          1. Sustained   by  the  "Named   Insured"  or any
                   income    from   work,   during   the   period
                                                                             "family member"   while "occupying"  any "auto"
                   commencing    14  days  after the date  of the
                                                                             owned   by the "Named  Insured" or furnished for
                   "accident" and   ending   the  earliest of the
                                                                             the "Named   Insured's" regular use, that is not a
                   following:
                                                                             covered  "auto".
                   a. The  date that such "insured" is reasonably
                                                                          2. Sustained    by   a  "family   member"    while
                      able  to perform  the duties of  his or her
                                                                             "occupying"  any "auto" owned   by or furnished
                      usual occupation;
                                                                             for that "family member's"  regular use  that is
                   b. The expiration of 54 weeks  from the date of           not a covered "auto".
                      the "accident"; or
                                                                          3. Sustained  by any person:
                   c. The date of such "insured's" death.
                                                                              a. Caused  by his or her own intentional act; or
                   The  combined   weekly  payment   for Personal
                                                                             b.  While  participating in any prearranged  or
                   Injury Protection benefits to the "insured" for
                                                                                 organized  racing or  speed  contest, or in
                   loss of income under:
                                                                                 practice  or  preparation   for any   such
                   a. Any workers' compensation   benefits;                      contest.
                   b. Personal    Injury   Protection   Coverage          4. Arising directly or indirectly out of:
                      provided under this Policy; and
                                                                              a. War, including undeclared war; or
                   c. Any  other disability or income continuation
                                                                             b.  Warlike action by a military force, including
                      benefits;
                                                                                 action in hindering or defending against an
                   shall not exceed 85%  of the "insured's" weekly
                                                                                 actual  or   expected    attack,  by   any
                   income.                                                       government,   sovereign  or other  authority
                                                                                 using military personnel or other agents.
                3. Loss Of  Services Benefit. Reimbursement    for
                   payment   to  others,  not  members    of  the
                                                                          5. Resulting from  the radioactive, toxic, explosive
                   "insured's"   household,     for   reasonable
                                                                             or  other   hazardous   properties  of  nuclear
                   expenses  incurred for essential services in lieu
                                                                             material.
                   of those the "insured" would  have  performed
                                                                          6. Resulting   from  the  "insured's" use   of  an
                   without income,  provided  such   services are
                                                                             automobile  in the commission of a felony.
                   actually rendered. However, reimbursement   for
                   the loss of services benefit ends at the earliest
                   of the following:
                   a. The  date  that the "insured" is reasonably
                      able to perform such services;
            Page  2 of 4                         © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2025                   CA  22 57 11 25
--- Page 3 ---
D. Limit Of Insurance                                         The  following conditions are added for Washington
                                                                          Personal Injury Protection – Named  Individuals:
                1. Regardless  of the number   of covered  private
                   passenger  autos, "insureds", policies or bonds        1. Arbitration
                   applicable, claims  made,  premiums    paid or
                                                                              a. If we and an "insured" disagree whether the
                   "autos" involved in the "accident", the most we
                                                                                 "insured" is entitled to recover damages or
                   will pay to or for each "insured" for Personal
                                                                                 do not agree as to the amount  of damages,
                   Injury Protection benefits because   of "bodily
                                                                                 then  by  mutual   written agreement    the
                   injury" sustained by such "insured" in any one
                                                                                 matter  will be   decided   by   arbitration.
                   "accident" is the Limit Of Insurance shown   in
                                                                                 However,   disputes  concerning   coverage
                   the Schedule for each benefit that applies.
                                                                                 under   this endorsement     may   not   be
                2. Any  amount  payable  under  this coverage will               arbitrated. If both parties agree in writing,
                   be reduced  by any  amount  paid or payable  to               then the matter will be decided by a single
                   or  for each   "insured" under   any  workers'                arbitrator selected by the  parties. If they
                   compensation  law or any  other similar medical               cannot  agree, then  each  party will, upon
                   or disability benefits law (excluding Medicare).              written demand    of the  other, select  an
                                                                                 arbitrator. The two arbitrators will select a
            E. Changes   In Conditions
                                                                                 third. Each party will bear the expenses  it
               The   Conditions   are  changed   for  Washington
                                                                                 incurs and bear  the expenses   of the third
               Personal  Injury Protection – Named  Individuals as
                                                                                 arbitrator equally.
               follows:
                                                                             b.  Unless   both   parties  agree   otherwise,
                1. The following is added to Duties In The Event
                                                                                 arbitration will take place in the county in
                   Of  Accident,  Claim,  Suit  Or  Loss   in the
                                                                                 which  the "insured" lives or the county in
                   Business  Auto  and  Motor  Carrier  Coverage
                                                                                 which the  "insured" resided at the time of
                   Forms  and Duties  In The Event  Of Accident,
                                                                                 the accident. Local  rules as to arbitration
                   Claim, Offense,  Suit, Loss   Or Acts,  Errors
                                                                                 procedure   and   evidence  will  apply.  A
                   Or Omissions    in the Auto Dealers  Coverage
                                                                                 decision  agreed  to  by  the  arbitrator or
                   Form:
                                                                                 arbitrators will be binding.
                   The "insured" or someone   on his or her behalf
                                                                          2. Coordination   And  Nonduplication
                   must promptly:
                                                                              a. No   "insured"   may    recover   duplicate
                   a. Give us written proof of claim, under oath if
                                                                                 payments  for the same   elements  of "loss"
                      required, and  any  such  other information
                                                                                 under this or any other insurance.
                      that will help us determine the amount  due
                                                                             b.  If an   "insured"  is entitled to  medical
                      and payable.
                                                                                 payments     coverage     or   Washington
                   b. Execute  authorization to enable us to obtain
                                                                                 Personal  Injury Protection benefits under
                      information with respect to loss of income.
                                                                                 more  than one  Coverage   Form   or policy,
                2. Transfer  Of  Rights   Of  Recovery   Against                 our share is the proportion that our Limit of
                   Others   To  Us  is  changed   by  adding  the                Insurance bears to the total of all applicable
                   following:                                                    limits covering on the same basis.
                   a. If we make  any  payment  and  the "insured"            c. With  respect to  losses  sustained  by  an
                      recovers  from another  party, the "insured"               "insured" resulting from an "accident" while
                      shall hold the proceeds  in trust for us and               "occupying"  or  as  a pedestrian   through
                      pay us  back the amount  we  have paid. We                 being  struck  by  a  temporary   substitute
                      shall be entitled to recovery only after the               "auto" or a non-owned  "auto", this coverage
                      "insured" has  been  fully compensated   for               will apply as excess  over  any other valid
                      damages.                                                   and collectible medical payments  coverage
                                                                                 or Washington   Personal  Injury Protection
                   b. Where   either we and/or an  "insured" have
                                                                                 benefits.
                      incurred  legal  expenses    in  recovering
                      payments    that   benefit  both,  whether
                      incurred  in  an  action  for damages    or
                      otherwise,  there   will be   an  equitable
                      apportionment  of such expenses.
            CA  22 57 11 25                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2025                       Page  3 of 4
--- Page 4 ---
F. Additional  Definitions                                    2. As  used in this endorsement,  the following are
                                                                             added  to the Definitions section:
                1. As used  in this endorsement,  the definition of
                   "auto" in the Definitions section is replaced by           a. "Family member"  means   a person related to
                   the following:                                                the "Named  Insured" by  blood, marriage or
                                                                                 adoption, including a ward  or foster child,
                   "Auto" means   any  self-propelled land  motor
                                                                                 who  is a resident of the "Named Insured's"
                   vehicle or trailer, other than a:
                                                                                 household.
                   a. Farm-type   tractor or other  self-propelled
                                                                             b.  "Named  Insured" means   the person named
                      equipment  designed   for use principally off
                                                                                 in the Declarations of this Coverage  Form
                      public roads, while not on public roads.
                                                                                 or policy and his or her spouse if a resident
                   b. Vehicle operated on rails or crawler treads.
                                                                                 of the same household.
                   c. Vehicle located  for use as a  residence or
                                                                              c. "Occupying"  means  in or upon  or entering
                      premises.
                                                                                 into or alighting from.
                   d. Motor home.
                   e. Moped.
                   f. Motorcycle.
            Page  4 of 4                         © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2025                   CA  22 57 11 25