POLICY   NUMBER:    CPP  0028569  00                                                      COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                            CA  98 01 01  21
                  THIS   ENDORSEMENT          CHANGES       THE   POLICY.     PLEASE      READ    IT CAREFULLY.
                     OREGON             BUSINESS             INTERRUPTION                   COVERAGE
            This endorsement  modifies insurance  provided under the following:
               AUTO   DEALERS    COVERAGE     FORM
               BUSINESS    AUTO   COVERAGE     FORM
               MOTOR    CARRIER    COVERAGE     FORM
            With  respect to coverage  provided  by this endorsement,   the provisions of the Coverage   Form  apply  unless
            modified by the endorsement.
            This endorsement  changes  the Policy effective on the inception date of the Policy unless another date is indicated
            below.
             Named   Insured: LA  GUERRERO     COCINA   MEXICANA    LLC
             Endorsement   Effective Date:  12/31/2023
                                                              SCHEDULE
             Description  Of Business  Activities Dependent   On Scheduled   Property:
             FOOD   TRAILER
             Applicable  Coverage(s)  (select one):
                   Business   Income  (Without  Extra Expense)        X  Business   Income  And  Extra Expense
                                                               Option  A
             Description  Of Scheduled  Property                                       Limit Of Insurance
             1.                                                                        $
             2.                                                                        $
             3.                                                                        $
             4.                                                                        $
             5.                                                                        $
            CA  98 01 01 21                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2020                       Page  1 of 7  CA 98 01 01 21 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2020 Page 1 of 8
--- Page 2 ---
6.                                                                        $
             Notes:
             l   Use this section of the Schedule   (Option A) if there is only one item of scheduled  property or to
                 show  a separate  Limit of Insurance for each  item of scheduled  property. The  Limit of Insurance  can
                 be the same  amount   for each item or a different amount  for each item.
             l   A particular item of scheduled  property  may  be shown   under  Option A or Option  B of this Schedule,
                 but not under  both Options.  Therefore, if Options A and  B are used,  each Option  must  pertain to
                 different items of scheduled  property.
                                                               Option  B
             Description  Of Scheduled   Property
             1. FOOD   TRUCK
             2.
             3.
             4.
             5.
             6.
             Limit Of Insurance                   $ 100,000
             Notes:
             l   Use this section of the Schedule   (Option B) when  a single Limit of Insurance  applies to the total of
                 all covered business  income   loss and extra expense   attributable to all items of scheduled property
                 subject to such  Limit.
             l   A particular item of scheduled  property  may  be shown   under  Option A or Option  B of this Schedule,
                 but not under  both Options.  Therefore, if Options A and  B are used,  each Option  must  pertain to
                 different items of scheduled  property.
             Covered   Causes  Of Loss  Option(s)  (select all that apply):
                 X  Comprehensive        OR          Specified Causes   Of Loss
                 X  Collision
             Business  Income   Coverage  Waiting  Period  (number of hours, if other than 72): 72
             Extended  Business   Income  Additional  Coverage  (number  of consecutive days, if other than 60): 365
             Premium:     $ 1,713.00
             Information required to complete this Schedule, if not shown above, will be shown in the Declarations.
            Page  2 of 7                         © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2020                   CA  98 01 01 21  Page 2 of 8 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2020 CA 98 01 01 21
--- Page 3 ---
A. Coverage                                                      However,      Extended     Business     Income
                                                                             Additional Coverage   does not apply  to loss of
               This    endorsement     provides    coverage     in
                                                                             "business   income"  incurred  as  a  result of
               accordance  with the entries made in the Schedule.
                                                                             unfavorable  business conditions caused  by the
                1. Business  Income
                                                                             impact  of the Covered   Cause  of Loss  in the
                   We  will pay for the actual  loss of "business            area  where  "scheduled   property" is normally
                   income"  you  sustain  due  to  the necessary             used.
                   "suspension"  of your  "operations" during the
                                                                             Loss  of "business income"  must be  caused  by
                   "period of restoration". The "suspension" must
                                                                             direct  and  accidental  loss  or  damage    to
                   be  caused  by  direct and  accidental loss or
                                                                             "scheduled   property" caused   by or  resulting
                   damage   to "scheduled   property". The  direct
                                                                             from a Covered  Cause  of Loss.
                   and accidental loss or damage  must be caused
                                                                          2. Temporary   Substitute  And  Newly  Acquired
                   by or result from a Covered Cause  of Loss and
                                                                             Property
                   must occur  while such "scheduled  property" is
                   located within the coverage territory.                    The    coverage    applicable   to  "scheduled
                                                                             property" under  this endorsement  is extended
                2. Extra Expense
                                                                             to apply to:
                   If the Schedule  indicates that Extra Expense
                                                                              a. Property  that  is used   as  a  temporary
                   Coverage  applies, we  will pay the actual and
                                                                                 substitute for "scheduled property", but only
                   necessary "extra expense"  you incur during the
                                                                                 while such  "scheduled  property" is out of
                   "period  of restoration"  due  to  direct  and
                                                                                 service due to breakdown,  repair, servicing,
                   accidental  loss  or  damage    to "scheduled
                                                                                 destruction or direct and accidental loss or
                   property". The  direct and  accidental loss or
                                                                                 damage;
                   damage   must  be caused   by or result from a
                   Covered  Cause  of Loss  and must  occur while            b.  Newly   acquired    property,  other   than
                   such "scheduled  property" is located within the              temporary  substitute property described in
                   coverage territory.                                           Paragraph  B.2.a., but only if:
            B. Additional  Coverages                                            (1) It  serves   as   a   replacement    for
                                                                                    "scheduled  property"; and
                1. Extended  Business   Income
                                                                                (2) You  tell us within  30 days   after you
                   If  the  necessary    "suspension"    of  your
                                                                                    acquire it that you want it to be added as
                   "operations" produces   a  "business  income"
                                                                                    "scheduled  property".
                   loss payable  under this endorsement,  we  will
                   pay for the actual  loss of "business income"       C. Covered   Causes  Of Loss
                   you incur during the period that:
                                                                          With respect  to the coverage  provided under  this
                   a. Begins  on the date "scheduled  property" is        endorsement,   the  following Covered  Causes   of
                      actually   repaired   or    replaced    and         Loss apply if selected in the Schedule:
                      "operations" are resumed; and
                                                                              a. Comprehensive,    meaning   any  cause   of
                   b. Ends  on the earlier of:                                   direct and   accidental  loss  or  damage
                                                                                 except:
                     (1) The    date  you   could   restore  your
                         "operations", with reasonable  speed,  to              (1) "Scheduled   property's"  collision with
                         the  level  which  would   generate  the                   another object; or
                         "business  income"   amount  that  would
                                                                                (2) "Scheduled  property's" overturn.
                         have  existed if no direct and accidental
                                                                                 Comprehensive    also  includes direct and
                         loss or damage  had  occurred; or
                                                                                 accidental loss or damage caused  by falling
                     (2) 60   consecutive  days   after the  date
                                                                                 objects, missiles or hitting a bird or animal.
                         determined  in Paragraph  B.1.a., unless
                         a  different number of days  is shown  in
                         the Schedule.
            CA  98 01 01 21                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2020                       Page  3 of 7  CA 98 01 01 21 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2020 Page 3 of 8
--- Page 4 ---
b. Specified Causes   of Loss, meaning   direct        3. When   direct and accidental loss or damage  is
                      and accidental loss or damage  caused  by:             due  and confined to:
                     (1) Fire, lightning or explosion;                        a. Wear   and  tear, freezing, mechanical   or
                                                                                 electrical breakdown.
                     (2) Theft;
                                                                             b.  Blowouts, punctures  or other road damage
                     (3) Windstorm,  hail or earthquake;
                                                                                 to tires.
                     (4) Flood;
                                                                          4. For  any  increase  of "business  income"  loss
                     (5) Mischief or vandalism; or
                                                                             caused   by or  resulting from the suspension,
                     (6) The    sinking,  burning,   collision or            lapse  or cancellation of any license, lease or
                         derailment     of    any     conveyance             contract.  But  if the  suspension,   lapse  or
                         transporting "scheduled property".                  cancellation   is  directly  caused    by   the
                                                                             "suspension"   of "operations", we   will cover
                   c. Collision, meaning   direct and  accidental
                                                                             such  loss that affects your "business income"
                      loss or damage  caused  by:
                                                                             during  the  "period  of restoration" and  any
                     (1) "Scheduled    property's" collision with
                                                                             extension   of the  "period  of restoration" in
                         another  object; or                                 accordance    with  the   terms   of  Extended
                                                                             Business  Income  Additional Coverage.
                     (2) "Scheduled  property's" overturn.
                                                                          5. For any  "extra expense" caused  by or resulting
            D. Exclusions
                                                                             from  the suspension,  lapse or cancellation of
               We    do   not   provide   coverage    under   this
                                                                             any   license, lease  or contract  beyond   the
               endorsement:
                                                                             "period of restoration".
                1. When  direct and accidental loss or damage   is
                                                                          6. For any  other consequential loss.
                   caused  by or results from any of the following,
                                                                       E. Limit Of Insurance
                   regardless of any  other  cause  or event  that
                   contributes concurrently or in any sequence  to
                                                                          1. When   a separate  Limit of Insurance applies to
                   the direct and accidental loss or damage:
                                                                             each  item of "scheduled property" as shown  in
                                                                             Option A of the Schedule, that Limit is the most
                   a. Nuclear  Hazard
                                                                             we  will pay in any one occurrence  for the total
                     (1) The  explosion of any weapon  employing
                                                                             of  all covered  "business  income"   loss and
                         atomic  fission or fusion; or
                                                                             "extra  expense"  attributable to that item  of
                     (2) Nuclear    reaction   or  radiation,  or            "scheduled  property", regardless of the number
                         radioactive   contamination,    however             of premiums  paid or claims made.
                         caused.
                                                                          2. When   a  single Limit of Insurance  applies to
                   b. War  Or Military Action                                more  than one  item of "scheduled property" as
                                                                             shown  in Option B of the Schedule, that Limit is
                     (1) War, including undeclared or civil war;
                                                                             the most  we will pay in any one occurrence for
                     (2) Warlike   action  by  a   military force,
                                                                             the total of all covered "business income" loss
                         including   action   in   hindering   or
                                                                             and  "extra expense" attributable to all items of
                         defending  against an actual or expected
                                                                             "scheduled   property"   to  which  that  Limit
                         attack, by any government,  sovereign or
                                                                             applies, regardless of the number   of items of
                         other  authority using military personnel
                                                                             "scheduled  property", premiums  paid or claims
                         or other agents; or
                                                                             made.
                     (3) Insurrection,    rebellion,   revolution,
                                                                          3. "Business  income"   loss and  "extra expense"
                         usurped   power    or  action  taken  by
                                                                             attributable to a particular item of "scheduled
                         governmental   authority in hindering or
                                                                             property" will not be covered under  more  than
                         defending  against any of these.
                                                                             one  Limit of Insurance. Therefore:
                2. When  direct and accidental loss or damage   to
                                                                              a. If more than one such Limit could be said to
                   "scheduled  property" is caused  by  or results
                                                                                 apply   based   on   the   descriptions  of
                   from "scheduled  property" being  used  in any
                                                                                 "scheduled property", then coverage  will be
                   professional or organized racing or demolition
                                                                                 subject to the Limit of Insurance associated
                   contest or stunting activity, or while practicing
                                                                                 with the more   specific description of that
                   for such contest  or activity. We also  do not
                                                                                 item;
                   provide  coverage   under   this endorsement
                   while  that  "scheduled   property"  is  being
                   prepared for such contest or activity.
            Page  4 of 7                         © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2020                   CA  98 01 01 21  Page 4 of 8 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2020 CA 98 01 01 21
--- Page 5 ---
b. If the  same    description  of "scheduled             b.  As  soon   as  possible,  give  us  or  our
                      property" appears  more   than once  in the                authorized representative  a description of
                      Schedule,  then coverage   for such item  of               how, when  and  where such  loss or damage
                      "scheduled  property" will be subject to the               occurred.
                      Limit of Insurance  that would  provide the
                                                                              c. Promptly  notify the  police if "scheduled
                      highest loss payment.
                                                                                 property" or any of its equipment is stolen.
                4. Payments   made    under  Extended   Business
                                                                             d.  Take   all reasonable    steps  to  protect
                   Income   Additional Coverage    or  Temporary
                                                                                 "scheduled  property" from further damage,
                   Substitute  And   Newly    Acquired   Property
                                                                                 and  keep   a  record   of your   expenses
                   Additional Coverage    will not  increase  the
                                                                                 necessary  to protect "scheduled property",
                   applicable Limit of Insurance.
                                                                                 for consideration in the settlement  of the
            F. Changes   In Conditions                                           claim. Also, if feasible, set such property
                                                                                 aside and  in the  best possible  order for
               With  respect  to the  coverage  provided  by  this
                                                                                 examination.
               endorsement,   the following conditions are added
               and  replace any provisions to the contrary:                   e. As often  as may   be reasonably  required,
                                                                                 permit us  to inspect "scheduled  property"
                1. Appraisal
                                                                                 and  examine   and  make   copies  of  your
                   If we and you  disagree on  the amount  of Net
                                                                                 books and  records.
                   Income  and  operating expense  or the amount
                                                                              f. Agree  to examinations  under  oath  at our
                   of loss, both parties may agree to an appraisal
                                                                                 request and  give us a signed  statement of
                   of the Net Income   and  operating expense  or
                                                                                 your answers.
                   the loss and to be bound  by the results of that
                   appraisal. If both parties so agree, then each            g.  Send  us  a  signed,  sworn  proof  of loss
                   party will select a  competent   and  impartial               containing the  information we  request  to
                   appraiser.                                                    investigate the claim.  You  must   do  this
                                                                                 within 60 days  after our request. We   will
                   The  two  appraisers will select an umpire.  If
                                                                                 supply you with the necessary forms.
                   they cannot  agree,  either may   request  that
                   selection be made  by a judge of a court having           h.  Cooperate  with  us in the investigation or
                   jurisdiction. The appraisers will state separately            settlement of the claim.
                   the  amount   of Net   Income   and  operating
                                                                              i. If you intend to continue your business, you
                   expense  or amount of loss. If they fail to agree,
                                                                                 must resume  all or part of your "operations"
                   they will submit their differences to the umpire.
                                                                                 as quickly as possible.
                   A  decision  agreed  to  by  any  two  will be
                                                                          3. Other  Insurance
                   binding. Each party will:
                                                                              a. You  may  have  other insurance  subject to
                   a. Pay its chosen appraiser; and
                                                                                 the  same   plan,  terms,  conditions  and
                   b. Bear  the other expenses   of the appraisal
                                                                                 provisions as the insurance provided under
                      and umpire  equally.
                                                                                 this endorsement. If you do, we will pay our
                   If there is an appraisal, we will still retain our            share  of the  covered  "business  income"
                   right to deny   the claim.  However,   we  will               loss or "extra expense".  Our  share is the
                   reimburse you  for reasonable appraisal costs if              proportion  that the   applicable  Limit of
                   the final appraisal decision of the Net Income                Insurance under  this endorsement  bears to
                   and operating  expense  or the  loss is greater               the Limits  of Insurance  of  all insurance
                   than  the amount   of  our last offer prior  to               covering on the same  basis.
                   incurring appraisal costs.
                                                                             b.  If there is other  insurance  covering  the
                   If there is an appraisal, we will still retain our            same   "business  income"   loss  or "extra
                   right to deny the claim.                                      expense",  other  than  that  described  in
                                                                                 Paragraph  F.3.a., we will pay only for the
                2. Duties In The Event  Of Loss
                                                                                 amount  of covered  "business income"  loss
                   If there is direct and accidental loss or damage
                                                                                 or "extra expense" in excess of the amount
                   to "scheduled   property", you   must  do  the
                                                                                 due from that other insurance, whether you
                   following:
                                                                                 can collect on it or not. But we will not pay
                   a. Give  us  or our  authorized representative                more than the applicable Limit of Insurance.
                      prompt   notice of such   loss or  damage.
                      Include  a  description of  the "scheduled
                      property" involved.
            CA  98 01 01 21                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2020                       Page  5 of 7  CA 98 01 01 21 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2020 Page 5 of 8
--- Page 6 ---
4. Loss  Determination                                    5. Resumption    Of Operations
                   a. The  amount  of "business income"  loss will            a. We   will  reduce   the  amount    of  your
                      be determined  based  on:                                  "business  income"  loss, other than "extra
                                                                                 expense",  to the extent  you  can  resume
                     (1) The   Net  Income  of  your "operations"
                                                                                 "operations", in whole or in part, by using
                         before  the direct and accidental loss or
                                                                                 any property.
                         damage   occurred;
                                                                             b.  We  will reduce the amount   of your "extra
                     (2) The    likely  Net   Income    of   your
                                                                                 expense"  loss to the extent you can return
                         "operations" if no direct and accidental
                                                                                 "operations" to normal and discontinue such
                         loss or  damage   had  occurred, but not
                                                                                 "extra expense".
                         including  any  Net  Income  that  would
                         likely have been earned as a result of an            c. If you do not resume "operations", or do not
                         increase   in   the   volume   of   your                resume  "operations" as quickly as possible,
                         "operations" due  to favorable  business                we  will pay based on  the length of time it
                         conditions caused   by the impact of the                would have  taken to resume "operations" as
                         Covered  Cause  of Loss on customers  or                quickly as possible.
                         on other businesses;
                                                                          6. Loss  Payment
                     (3) The    operating   expenses,    including
                                                                             We  will pay for covered "business income" loss
                         payroll expenses,  necessary  to resume
                                                                             or  "extra expense"  within 30  days  after we
                         "operations"  with the  same   quality of
                                                                             receive the sworn  documentation  addressed  in
                         service that existed just before the direct
                                                                             Paragraph   F.2.g., if you have complied with all
                         and  accidental loss or damage; and
                                                                             of the terms of this Coverage Part and:
                     (4) Other  relevant sources   of information,
                                                                              a. We  have  reached  agreement   with you  on
                         including:
                                                                                 the amount of such loss; or
                         (a) Your     financial   records     and
                                                                             b.  An appraisal award has  been made.
                             accounting procedures;
                                                                       G. Additional  Definitions
                         (b) Bills, invoices and other  vouchers;
                                                                          As used  in this endorsement:
                             and
                                                                          1. "Business  income" means   the:
                         (c) Titles, liens or contracts.
                                                                              a. Net  Income   (Net  Profit or Loss   before
                   b. The  amount    of "extra expense"   will be
                                                                                 income taxes) that would have been  earned
                      determined  based on:
                                                                                 or incurred; and
                     (1) All expenses   that exceed   the  normal
                                                                             b.  Continuing   normal   operating   expenses
                         operating  expenses    that would   have
                                                                                 incurred, including payroll.
                         been  incurred by "operations" during the
                         "period  of restoration" if no direct and        2. "Extra  expense"  means   necessary   expenses
                         accidental   loss    or   damage     had            (other than  the expense   to repair or replace
                         occurred.  We  will deduct from the total           property) that you  would  not have  incurred if
                         of such expenses:                                   there had  been no direct and accidental loss or
                                                                             damage     to  "scheduled    property".  "Extra
                         (a) The  salvage  value that remains   of
                                                                             expense"    includes   expenses    which    are
                             any  property bought  for temporary
                                                                             incurred:
                             use during the "period of restoration",
                             once "operations" are resumed; and               a. To avoid  or minimize  the "suspension"  of
                                                                                 "operations" and to continue "operations";
                         (b) Any  "extra expense" that is paid for
                             by   other  insurance,   except   for           b.  To minimize  the "suspension" if you cannot
                             insurance  that is written subject to               continue "operations"; or
                             the same  plan, terms, conditions and
                                                                              c. For temporary use of other property.
                             provisions as the coverage  provided
                             by this endorsement; and                     3. "Operations"  means   your  business   activities
                                                                             described  in the Schedule  that are dependent
                     (2) Necessary   expenses    that reduce  the
                                                                             on "scheduled  property".
                         "business  income"   loss that otherwise
                         would  have been  incurred.
            Page  6 of 7                         © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2020                   CA  98 01 01 21  Page 6 of 8 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2020 CA 98 01 01 21
--- Page 7 ---
4. "Period of restoration" means the period of time             (2) Requires  anyone   to test for, monitor,
                   that:                                                            clean   up,   remove,    contain,  treat,
                                                                                    detoxify or  neutralize, or in any  way
                   a. Begins:
                                                                                    respond   to, or assess   the effects of
                     (1) 72  hours  after the time  of direct and
                                                                                    "pollutants".
                         accidental loss or damage   for Business
                                                                             The  expiration date of this Policy will not cut
                         Income   Coverage,   unless  a  different
                                                                             short the "period of restoration".
                         number    of  hours  is  shown    in the
                         Schedule    for  the  Business   Income          5. "Scheduled    property" means    the  items  of
                         Coverage   Waiting Period; or                       property  described in the Schedule,  including
                                                                             machinery   or equipment   that is permanently
                     (2) Immediately  after the time of direct and
                                                                             installed in such property. "Scheduled property"
                         accidental  loss  or damage    for Extra
                                                                             does    not  include  buildings,  locations  or
                         Expense   Coverage;
                                                                             premises.
                      caused   by  or resulting from  a  Covered
                                                                          6. "Suspension"     means    the   slowdown     or
                      Cause  of Loss to "scheduled property"; and
                                                                             cessation of your "operations".
                   b. Ends  on the earlier of:
                     (1) The   date  when   "scheduled  property"
                         should   be  repaired  or replaced  with
                         reasonable  speed  and similar quality; or
                     (2) The    date   when    "operations"   are
                         resumed.
                   "Period of restoration" does  not include  any
                   increased   period   required   due    to  the
                   enforcement   of   or  compliance   with   any
                   ordinance or law that:
                     (1) Regulates   the  use  or  repair of  any
                         property, or requires updated emissions
                         controls or safety  features which  were
                         not part of "scheduled property" prior to
                         the   direct  and   accidental  loss  or
                         damage;   or
            CA  98 01 01 21                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2020                       Page  7 of 7  CA 98 01 01 21 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2020 Page 7 of 8
--- Page 8 ---
Page  8 of 8                                                                                    CA  98 01 01 21