POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0028333  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA  11 22 11 13
                   THIS  ENDORSEMENT           CHANGES       THE   POLICY.    PLEASE      READ    IT CAREFULLY.
                       PERSONAL                INJURY         PROTECTION                  COVERAGE
                                                              IDAHO
                This endorsement  modifies insurance provided under the
                    following: BUSINESS   AUTO  COVERAGE      FORM
                    MOTOR    CARRIER   COVERAGE     FORM
                                              Personal Injury Protection Benefits Schedule
             Benefit                                               Limit of Liability
             Medical  and Hospital Benefits                        $15,000
             Income  Continuation Benefits                         $12,000                             Total Maximum
                                                                   $250                                Weekly  Maximum
             Loss  of Services Benefits                            $20                                 Per Day
                                                                                When  the "insured" is able to return to work;
                We  agree with you, subject to all of the provisions of
                                                                                or,
                this endorsement  and  to all of the provisions of the
                policy except as modified herein, as follows:           a.      When  fifty-two weeks have passed  since
                                                                                the fourteenth (14th) day after the
            A.      COVERAGE:
                                                                                accident; or,
                    We   will pay Personal  Injury Protection to an
                                                                        b.      The day the "insured" dies.
                    "insured" who   sustains  "bodily injury" in an
                    "accident"  arising  out   of  the   ownership, 3.      "Loss of services benefits" for you.
                    maintenance   or use of an "auto" as  an "auto."
                                                                            "Loss of services benefits" means   amounts
                    Subject  to the limits shown  in the  Schedule,
                                                                            for reasonable  expenses  incurred  during a
                    these Personal Injury Protection benefits consist
                                                                            period of disability for essential services you
                    of the following:
                                                                            would    have   performed.    This   benefit
                1.      "Medical and hospital benefits" for any             continues until the earliest of the following:
                        "insured."
                                                                        a.      When   you are  reasonably  able to
                        "Medical   and  hospital  benefits"  means              perform such  services; or,
                        amounts   for  reasonable   and  necessary
                                                                        b.      When  fifty-two weeks have passed  since
                        medical   and    hospital  expenses     and
                                                                                the date of the "accident"; or,
                        reasonable   professional  funeral services
                                                                        c.      The  day you  die.
                        expenses   incurred as  a  result of "bodily
                        injury" sustained  in  an  "auto"  accident.
                                                                    B.      WHO   IS INSURED:
                        Expenses   must be  incurred within three (3)
                                                                        1.      You, if you are an individual, the terms you
                        years from the date of the accident.
                                                                                and   your,  as  used   in  this  Coverage
                2.      "Income  continuation benefits" for any                 Endorsement,    include   your   spouse   if
                        "insured."
                                                                                resident in the same household.
                        "Income    continuation   benefits"  means
                                                                        2.      If you are an individual, any "family member."
                        payment   for  "loss" of  up  to eighty-five
                                                                        3.      Any   other  person   while  "occupying"  a
                        percent  (85%)  of gross income  from  work
                                                                                covered  "auto" with your consent.
                        because  of "bodily injury" sustained in an
                        "auto"   "accident."  This  benefit  begins     4.      A "pedestrian"  if the "accident" involves a
                        fourteen  days   after the  "accident"  and             covered  "auto."
                        continues until the earliest for the following:
                                                                    C.      EXCLUSIONS:
             EA  11 22 11 13                                                                                     Page  1 of 3
--- Page 2 ---
POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0028333  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA  11 22 11 13
                    We  will not pay Personal Injury Protection                 insurrection, rebellion or revolution or
                    benefits:                                                   any consequence   of any of these.
                1.      Arising from "bodily injury" sustained by any D.    LIMITS  OF  LIABILITY:
                        person:
                                                                            Regardless   of the  number   of "insured's,"
                    a.      Caused  by his or her own intentional act;      policies or bonds  applicable, claims made,
                            or,                                             premiums   paid or covered  "autos" to which
                                                                            this coverage applies, the most  we will pay
                    b.      While  participating in or practicing for
                                                                            for personal  injury protection benefits for
                            any  pre-arranged  or organized  racing,
                                                                            "bodily injury" sustained by any "insured" in
                            speed   or  stunt  driving  contest   or
                                                                            any  one   "auto" "accident"  is limited  as
                            exhibition.
                                                                            follows:
                    c.      While  "occupying" an  "auto" without a
                                                                        1.      The  total amount payable by us to or on
                            reasonable   belief that the  person  is
                                                                                behalf  of each   "insured" because   of
                            entitled to do so.
                                                                                "bodily injury" sustained  by  such   an
                2.      Arising from  "bodily injury" caused by the
                                                                                "insured" in any one "accident" shall not
                        radioactive,  toxic,  explosive   or  other
                                                                                be more  than:
                        hazardous   properties of  nuclear  material
                                                                            a.      The  Limit of Liability shown in the
                        including discharge of any nuclear weapon,
                                                                                    Schedule  for "medical  and hospital
                        whether or not accidental.
                                                                                    benefits," subject to a maximum   of
                3.      Arising from "bodily injury" sustained while
                                                                                    three thousand   dollars ($3,000.00)
                        your covered  "auto" is being used  to carry
                                                                                    for funeral services.
                        persons  or  property for compensation    of
                                                                            b.      The  Limit of Liability shown in the
                        any kind. This exclusion does not apply to a
                                                                                    Schedule   for "income  continuation
                        share-the-expense  car pool.
                                                                                    benefits," subject to the following:
                4.      Arising from "bodily injury" sustained by any
                                                                                    The   combined    weekly    payment
                        person while "occupying":
                                                                                    received by  an "insured" under any
                    a.      A motorcycle; or,
                                                                                    other disability or loss  of income
                    b.      Any  other  self-propelled vehicle  with                benefit and  this coverage  paid will
                            less than four wheels; or,                              not exceed   85%  of the  "insured's"
                                                                                    gross weekly income.  An  "insured's"
                    c.      Any    all-terrain  vehicle   designed
                                                                                    sick leave  benefit or vacation pay
                            primarily for off-road use; or,
                                                                                    will not  be  considered  by  us  in
                    d.      Any  "auto," other than your covered                    determining  eligibility for "income
                            "auto," which  is owned   by you  or
                                                                                    continuation benefits."The  Limit of
                            furnished  or   available  for  your
                                                                                    Liability per  day   shown   in  the
                            regular use.
                                                                                    Schedule    for  "loss  of  services
                                                                                    benefits."
                    e.      Your trailer or motorhome  while it is
                            rented     or   leased     to   any
                                                                        2.      Any  amount  payable by  us under the terms
                            organization, or  any  person  other
                                                                                of this coverage   to or  on  behalf  of an
                            than you or a "family member."
                                                                                "insured" will be  reduced  by  the amount
                                                                                paid or payable to or on
                5.      Arising from "bodily injury" sustained by
                        any  "family member"  while "occupying"
                                                                                 behalf of that "insured" under any workers'
                        an "auto," other than a  "covered auto,"
                                                                                compensation   or any other similar medical
                        which  is owned   by or  furnished to or
                                                                                or disability benefits law.
                        available for  the regular  use  of that
                                                                        3.      Any  payment  made   under this coverage  to
                        "family member."
                                                                                an  "insured" will be  applied  toward  any
                6.      For  "income  continuation benefits" for
                                                                                settlement or award  that "insured" receives
                        any   person  except  you  or  a "family
                                                                                under    any   Liability or   Underinsured
                        member"   who  sustains "bodily injury" as              Motorists Coverage  provided  by this policy.
                        a "pedestrian" in an  "accident" outside
                                                                                However,   if the Liability or Underinsured
                        the State of Idaho.
                                                                                Motorists Coverage    limits are exhausted,
                                                                                insurance provided by this coverage may  be
                7.      Arising from  "bodily injury" caused  by
                                                                                applied as excess insurance.
                        war, whether  or not declared, civil war,
             EA  11 22 11 13                                                                                     Page  2 of 3
--- Page 3 ---
POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0028333  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA  11 22 11 13
            E.      CONDITIONS                                              b.      If the parties cannot   agree  on  a
                                                                                    single arbitrator, each may select an
                1.      The   following is added   to  the  OTHER
                                                                                    independent  representative, who will
                        INSURANCE     condition:
                                                                                    then select a single arbitrator. The
                        If there is other  applicable auto  Medical
                                                                                    parties may  then  proceed  with the
                        Payments    or  Personal  Injury  Protection
                                                                                    single arbitrator by agreement.    A
                        coverage  we  will pay only our share.  Our
                                                                                    decision  by  the arbitrator will be
                        share  is the  proportion that  our limit of
                                                                                    binding.
                        liability bears to the total of all applicable
                                                                            c.      If the representatives cannot agree
                        limits. However, any  insurance we  provide
                                                                                    on  a  single arbitrator within thirty
                        with respect to an  "auto" you  do not  own
                                                                                    (30) days or the parties do not agree
                        shall be excess  over  any  other collectible
                                                                                    on  the   arbitrator selected, each
                        auto  insurance   providing  payments    for
                                                                                    party will select an  arbitrator. The
                        medical,   funeral   or   Personal    Injury
                                                                                    two (2) arbitrators will select a third.
                        Protection.
                                                                                    If they cannot agree within thirty (30)
                2.      The  following is added  to the DUTIES   IN
                                                                                    days,   either  may   request   that
                        THE  EVENT    OF  ACCIDENT,   CLAIM,  SUIT
                                                                                    selection be made  by a court having
                        OR  LOSS
                                                                                    jurisdiction. A decision by(2) of the
                        condition:                                                  three (3) arbitrators will be binding.
                        If  "income   continuation   benefits"  are
                        claimed, the  "insured" shall upon  request
                                                                            d.      Unless both parties agree otherwise,
                        authorize us  to obtain details of wage   or
                                                                                    arbitration will take place within the
                        salary   payments      during   the    year
                                                                                    county   and  state  in  which   the
                        immediately  preceding the date of loss and
                                                                                    "insured" lives. Local rules of law as
                        other information as to the loss of income.
                                                                                    to  procedure   and   evidence   will
                        No  "income  continuation  benefits" will be
                                                                                    apply.  Each   party  will pay   the
                        paid  until  such   information  has   been
                                                                                    expenses   it incurs including  their
                        provided to us.
                                                                                    own  arbitrator and share equally the
                3.      The  following  ARBITRATION     condition is                expenses  of the third arbitrator.
                        added:
                                                                    F.      ADDITIONAL    DEFINITIONS:
                        If we and  an  "insured" disagree as  to the
                                                                            "Family member"   means  a person  related to
                        amount   payable  under  this coverage, the
                                                                            you by blood, marriage  or adoption who is a
                        dispute  shall be  resolved  by  arbitration.
                                                                            resident of your household.  This includes a
                        Arbitration shall  begin   upon   a  written
                                                                            ward or foster child.
                        demand   from either party.
                                                                            "Occupying"  means   in or upon  or entering
                    a.      The   parties may   agree  to  a  single
                                                                            into or alighting from.
                            arbitrator. A decision by the  arbitrator
                                                                            "Pedestrian"  means   a person  who   is not
                            will be binding.
                                                                            "occupying"  an  "auto"  at the  time  injury
                                                                            occurs.
             EA  11 22 11 13                                                                                     Page  3 of 3