POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0029008  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA 22  36 12 15
                   THIS  ENDORSEMENT           CHANGES       THE   POLICY.    PLEASE      READ    IT CAREFULLY.
                          OREGON             PERSONAL               INJURY          PROTECTION
                For a covered  "auto" licensed or principally garaged in, or "garage operations" conducted in, Oregon, this
                endorsement   modifies insurance provided under the following:
                   BUSINESS    AUTO   COVERAGE     FORM
                   MOTOR    CARRIER   COVERAGE     FORM
                With respect to coverage provided by this endorsement, the provisions of the Coverage Form  apply unless
                modified by the endorsement.
                This endorsement  changes  the policy effective on the inception date of the policy unless another date is
                indicated below.
                                                              SCHEDULE
                                        Benefits                                         Limit Per Person
                                                                          $15,000
                 Medical And  Hospital Expenses
                 Income  Continuation  Expenses                           $3,000   Per Month
                 Loss Of Services  Expenses                               $30      Per Day
                 Funeral Expenses                                         $5,000
                 Child Care Expenses                                      $25      Per Day up to a Maximum  of $750
                                                                               c.    Coordination  And  Nonduplication
                We  agree  with you, subject to all of the provisions of
                this endorsement  and  to all of the provisions of the                Any    automobile    medical    payments
                policy except as modified herein, as follows:                         coverage  afforded  under  this Coverage
                                                                                      Part is excess over any  medical  expense
             A.    Coverage
                                                                                      benefits  paid  or  payable    under   this
                   We   will pay Personal Injury Protection benefits to
                                                                                      endorsement   or  any   other  automobile
                   an  "insured" who   sustains "bodily injury" in an
                                                                                      insurance policy covering "bodily injury" to
                   “accident”   arising   out   of   the   ownership,
                                                                                      an "insured".
                   maintenance   or  use  of an "auto"  as an  "auto".
                                                                        F.     Additional Definitions
                   Subject  to the limits shown in the Schedule, these
                   Personal  Injury Protection benefits consist of the         As used in this endorsement:
                   following:
                                                                            1.    "Covered  auto"  means   a "private passenger
                1.     Medical And  Hospital Expenses                             auto"  to which   the  "bodily injury" Liability
                                                                                  Coverage  of the policy applies and for which a
                       All  reasonable   and   necessary    expenses
                                                                                  specific premium is charged.
                       incurred within two years from the date  of the
                       “accident”  for   medical,   hospital,  dental,      2.    "Family  member"   means   a spouse   and  any
                       surgical, ambulance and  prosthetic services.              other person related to you by blood, marriage
                                                                                  or adoption  (including a ward or foster child)
                2.     Income  Continuation  Expenses
                                                                                  who  is a resident of the same  household   as
                       Eighty-five percent (85%) of the "insured's" loss
                                                                                  you.
                       of income   from   work  during  a  period   of
                                                                            3.    "Occupying"  means  in or upon or entering into
                       disability caused by "bodily injury" sustained by
                                                                                  or alighting from.
                       such person in the “accident” provided that:
             EA  22 36 12 15    Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc. with its permission Page 1 of 7
--- Page 2 ---
POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0029008  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA 22  36 12 15
                a.    Such   person  was   usually engaged   in  a          4.    "Pedestrian"  means   any   person  while  not
                      paying   occupation   at  the  time  of  the                "occupying" a self-propelled vehicle other than
                      “accident”;                                                 a   wheelchair   or  a   similar low-powered
                                                                                  motorized  or mechanically   propelled vehicle
                b.    The  period of such disability continues for at
                                                                                  that is  designed  specifically for use  by  a
                      least 14 days; and,
                                                                                  physically disabled person who  has a medical
                c.    Income   continuation expenses  shall include
                                                                                  necessity  for  a  wheelchair  or  other  low-
                      only  expenses  for loss of income  incurred
                                                                                  powered  vehicle.
                      from  the date such disability commenced  to
                                                                            5.    "Private passenger  auto" means   a four-wheel
                      the  date on  which such  person  is able to
                                                                                  passenger   or station wagon-type   "auto" not
                      return to his usual occupation and is subject
                                                                                  used  as  a public or  livery conveyance  and
                      to  a  maximum     payment   period  in  the
                                                                                  includes  any other  four-wheel  "auto" of the
                      aggregate  of 52 weeks.
                                                                                  utility, pick-up body, sedan delivery or panel
             3.    Loss  Of Services Expenses
                                                                                  truck type  not used   for wholesale  or retail
                   Expenses   reasonably  incurred during a period                delivery other than  farming, a  self-propelled
                   of disability caused by "bodily injury" sustained              mobile home  and  a farm truck.
                   by  an "insured" in the “accident” for essential
                   services that were performed  by a person  who
                   is not related to the "insured" or residing in the
                   "insured's" household   in lieu of those  such
                   person  would  have  performed  without income
                   provided that:
                   a.     Such  person  was not usually engaged   in a
                          paying   occupation  at  the  time  of  the
                          “accident”;
                   b.     The period of such disability continues for at
                          least 14 days; and
                    c.    Loss of services expenses  shall include only
                          expense  for such services actually rendered
                          from the date such  disability commenced  to
                          the   date  on   which   such    person   is
                          reasonably  able to  perform such  services
                          and  is  subject to  a  maximum    payment
                          period in the aggregate of 52 weeks.
                       However,  loss of services expenses   shall not
                       include child care expenses.
                4.     Funeral Expenses
                       Reasonable    and   necessary   expenses    for
                       professional funeral services  incurred  within
                       one year after the date of the "accident”.
                5.     Child Care Expenses
                       Expenses  reasonably  incurred for the care of a
                       minor child of an "insured" who has  sustained
                       "bodily injury" in the “accident”, provided:
                    a.    The "insured" is the parent of the minor child
                          and  is required  to be  hospitalized for a
                          minimum   of 24 hours; and
                   b.     Payments   begin after the initial 24 hours of
                          hospitalization and are made  for as long as
                          the "insured" is unable to return to work if he
                          or  she  is usually engaged    in a  paying
                          occupation. If such person  was  not usually
                          engaged  in a paying occupation  at the time
             EA  22 36 12 15    Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc. with its permission Page 2 of 7
--- Page 3 ---
POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0029008  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA 22  36 12 15
                          of  the   "accident",  then  payment    will
                          continue for as long as he or she is unable
                          to perform essential services that he or she
                          would have  performed  without income.
             B.    Who   Is An Insured
                1.     You,  if you   sustain  "bodily  injury" while
                       "occupying", maintaining  or using  a  "private
                       passenger   auto"  or,  while  a  "pedestrian",
                       through being struck by an "auto".
                2.     If you are an individual, any "family member"
                       who  sustains "bodily injury" while "occupying",
                       maintaining or using a "private passenger auto"
                       or, while a "pedestrian", through being  struck
                       by an "auto".
                3.     Any other  person who   sustains "bodily injury"
                       while "occupying",  maintaining  or using  the
                       "covered auto" with your permission or, while a
                       "pedestrian" through being struck by a "covered
                       auto".
             C.    Exclusions
                   We  will not pay Personal Injury Protection benefits
                   for "bodily injury":
                1.     Sustained by any person:
                    a.    Who    intentionally causes   injury  to
                          himself or herself;
                   b.     While  participating in any prearranged
                          or organized racing or speed  contest or
                          in practice or preparation for any such
                          contest; or
                    c.    Who  willfully conceals or misrepresents
                          any  material fact in connection  with a
                          claim  for  Personal   Injury Protection
                          benefits.
                2.     That results in the  application of income
                       continuation expenses  and  loss of service
                       expenses,  sustained  by  any  "pedestrian"
                       other than you or a "family member”   in an
                       “accident” that occurs outside the State of
                       Oregon.
                3.     Arising directly or indirectly out of:
                   a.     War, including undeclared or civil war;
                   b.     Warlike  action  by   a  military force,
                          including   action   in   hindering   or
                          defending against an  actual or expected
                          attack, by any government,  sovereign or
                          other authority using military personnel
                          or other agents; or
                   c.     Insurrection,   rebellion,    revolution,
                          usurped   power,  or  action  taken   by
                          governmental   authority in hindering or
                          defending against any of these.
             EA  22 36 12 15    Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc. with its permission Page 3 of 7
--- Page 4 ---
POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0029008  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA 22  36 12 15
                4.     Resulting  from   the   radioactive,  toxic,
                       explosive or other hazardous  properties of
                       nuclear material.
                5.     Sustained  by you  or any "family member"
                       while "occupying"  any  "auto" you  own  or
                       furnished or available for your regular use
                       that is not a  "covered  auto", including a
                       motorcycle or moped   as defined in Oregon
                       Statutes.
                6.     Sustained  by   a  "family member"    while
                       "occupying"  any  "auto"  owned   by  such
                       "family member"  or  furnished or available
                       for the "family member's" regular use that is
                       not a "covered auto", including a motorcycle
                       or moped  as defined in Oregon Statutes.
             D.    Limit Of Insurance
                1.     Regardless  of  the number   of "insureds",
                       policies or bonds applicable, claims made,
                       premiums  paid or "covered  autos" to which
                       this coverage applies, the most we will pay
                       for Personal Injury Protection benefits for
                       "bodily  injury" sustained   by  any   one
                       "insured" in any one “auto” “accident” is the
                       Limit Per  Person   amount   shown   in the
                       Schedule.
                2.     Any  amount  paid under  this coverage  will
                       be reduced  by any amount  paid or payable
                       by any workers' compensation   or any other
                       similar medical  or disability benefits law
                       (excluding Medicare and Medicaid).
                3.     Any amount  payable  under this coverage to
                       you or a  "family member"  will reduce any
                       amount   payable  for damages   under   this
                       coverage    form's   Uninsured    Motorists
                       Coverage.
                4.     Any  amount  paid  under  this coverage  to an
                       "insured" will reduce any amount  the "insured"
                       may   be  entitled to  recover  for the  same
                       damages   under  this coverage  form's Liability
                       Coverage.
                5.     Any  amount  payable  for medical and  hospital
                       expenses  shall be reduced   by the amount   of
                       the deductible you  may  elect. If you elect a
                       deductible, it will be shown in the  Schedule.
                       The deductible applies only to you  and/or any
                       "family member".
             E.    Changes   In Conditions
                   The  conditions  are changed  for Personal  Injury
                   Protection  as follows:
                1.     The following is added to Duties In The Event
                       Of Accident, Claim,  Suit Or Loss:
             EA  22 36 12 15    Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc. with its permission Page 4 of 7
--- Page 5 ---
POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0029008  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA 22  36 12 15
                    a.    If an   "insured"   or  his  or  her   legal
                          representative  institutes legal action  for
                          damages   for "bodily injury", he or she must
                          promptly  give us a  copy  of the summons
                          and  complaint  or other process  served  in
                          connection with the legal action.
                   b.     The  "insured" or someone    on his  or her
                          behalf must  promptly give us  written proof
                          of claim, under oath if required, including:
                     (1)     Full particulars of the nature and extent
                             of  the  "bodily injury", treatment  and
                             rehabilitation       received        and
                             contemplated;  and
                     (2)     Such  other information that will help us
                             determine  the amount  due and payable.
                    c.    The   "insured"   or   his  or   her   legal
                          representative shall give us  authorization,
                          each  time we  request it, to obtain medical
                          reports, copies of records  and information
                          with respect to loss of income.
                   d.     We   may  require  that the "insured", as a
                          condition for receiving income continuation
                          expenses,    cooperate   in  furnishing  us
                          reasonable   medical  proof  of his  or her
                          inability to work.
                2.     The   Other   Insurance    Condition   in  the
                       Business  Auto  and  Garage  Coverage   Forms
                       and  the  Other  Insurance   –  Primary   And
                       Excess   Insurance   Provisions   Condition  in
                       the  Truckers  and   Motor  Carrier  Coverage
                       Forms  are replaced by the following:
                       The coverage  provided in this endorsement  is
                       excess for:
                a.    "Bodily    injury"   sustained    by    any
                      "pedestrian", other than you  or any "family
                      member".   This  coverage  is excess  to the
                      extent that amounts  are paid  or payable to
                      or for such "pedestrian" under any collateral
                      benefits, including but not limited to:
                  (1)     Insurance benefits under  another policy
                          issued by us or another company;
                  (2)     Governmental  benefits (except Medicare
                          and Medicaid  benefits);
                  (3)     Gratuitous benefits; or
                  (4)     Oregon  Personal Injury Protection
                          benefits.
                b.    "Bodily  injury" sustained  by  you  or any
                      "family  member"    while  "occupying"  any
                      "auto", other than the  "covered auto", with
                      respect  to which   Oregon  Personal   Injury
                      Protection benefits are in effect.
             3.    The following conditions are added:
             EA  22 36 12 15    Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc. with its permission Page 5 of 7
--- Page 6 ---
POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0029008  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA 22  36 12 15
                a.    Reimbursement    And  Trust
                       In the event of payment  to any  person of
                       any benefits under this endorsement:
                  (1)     We  shall be entitled to reimbursement or
                          subrogation  in  accordance    with  the
                          provisions  of   ORS    743.825,   ORS
                          743.830
                          or Section 8 of Chapter 784 Laws 1975.
                  (2)     We  are entitled to the proceeds  of any
                          settlement or judgment  that may   result
                          from  the  exercise  of  any   rights of
                          recovery  of the  "insured" against any
                          person     or    organization     legally
                          responsible  for the  "accident”, to the
                          extent benefits were paid, less our share
                          of expenses,  costs and  attorney's fees
                          incurred by the "insured" in connection
                          with such recovery.
                  (3)     The  "insured" shall hold in trust for our
                          benefit all his or her rights of recovery to
                          the extent of benefits furnished.
                  (4)     The   "insured" shall  do  whatever   is
                          proper to secure  and  shall do  nothing
                          after loss to prejudice such rights.
                  (5)     If we request in writing, the "insured" shall
                          take, through any  representative not in
                          conflict of interest with  him  or  her,
                          designated by us, such action as may be
                          necessary   or  appropriate  to recover
                          such  benefits  furnished  as  damages
                          from the person  or organization  legally
                          responsible, such action to be  taken in
                          the name  of the "insured", but only to the
                          extent of benefits furnished by us. In the
                          event  of recovery,  we  shall  also be
                          reimbursed  out of such recovery for the
                          "insured's" share of expenses, costs and
                          attorney's  fees  incurred   by  us   in
                          connection with the recovery.
                     (6)     The  "insured" shall execute  and deliver
                             to us  such  instructions and papers  as
                             may  be  appropriate to secure the rights
                             and  obligations of the "insured" and us
                             as established by this provision.
                   b.     Arbitration
                     (1)     If we and  an "insured" disagree whether
                             the   "insured" is  entitled to  recover
                             Personal   Injury Protection benefits, or
                             do  not agree as  to the amount  payable
                             under  this coverage, then if both parties
             EA  22 36 12 15    Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc. with its permission Page 6 of 7
--- Page 7 ---
POLICY   NUMBER:       CPP  0029008  00                                                   COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                              EA 22  36 12 15
                             agree   at the time  of  the dispute  the
                             matter shall be arbitrated.
                             In the event of arbitration, each party will
                             select an  arbitrator. The two arbitrators
                             will select a third. If they cannot agree on
                             the choice of the third arbitrator within 30
                             days,  either may  request that selection
                             be  made  by a judge of a court of record
                             in the  county and  state in which  such
                             arbitration is pending. Each party will pay
                             the  expenses   it incurs and   bear  the
                             expenses   of the third arbitrator equally.
                             Costs  to the "insured" of the arbitration
                             proceedings  shall not exceed  $100, and
                             all other  costs of  arbitration shall be
                             borne  by  us. However,   attorneys’ fees
                             and  fees paid to medical or other expert
                             witnesses  are  not arbitration expenses
                             and  are to be paid by the party incurring
                             them.
                     (2)     Unless   both  parties agree   otherwise,
                             arbitration will take place in the county in
                             which  the "insured" lives. Local rules of
                             law   as  to  arbitration procedure  and
                             evidence  will apply. A decision agreed to
                             by two of the arbitrators will be binding.
             EA  22 36 12 15    Includes copyrighted material of Insurance Services Office, Inc. with its permission Page 7 of 7