POLICY   NUMBER:    CPP  0026912  02                                                      COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                            CA  23 98 10  13
                  THIS   ENDORSEMENT          CHANGES       THE   POLICY.     PLEASE      READ    IT CAREFULLY.
                                TRAILER            INTERCHANGE                   COVERAGE
            This endorsement  modifies insurance  provided under the following:
               BUSINESS    AUTO   COVERAGE     FORM
            With  respect to coverage  provided  by this endorsement,   the provisions of the Coverage   Form  apply  unless
            modified by the endorsement.
            This endorsement  changes  the policy effective on the inception date of the policy unless another date is indicated
            below.
             Named   Insured: MOUNTAINWEST       SERVICES    LLC
             Endorsement   Effective Date:
                                            03/11/2023
                                                              SCHEDULE
                                                                                                          Estimated
                Coverages                      Limit Of Insurance  And  Deductible                         Premium
            Comprehensive      Least  Of Actual Cash  Value, Cost  Of Repair, Or                   $20.00
                               $ 25,000                    Limit Of Insurance
                               $                           Deductible  For Each  Covered   Trailer
            Specified          Least  Of Actual Cash  Value, Cost  Of Repair, Or                   $
            Causes   Of
                               $                           Limit Of Insurance
            Loss
                               $                           Deductible  For Each  Covered   Trailer
            Collision          Least  Of Actual Cash  Value, Cost  Of Repair, Or                   $34.00
                               $ 25,000                    Limit Of Insurance
                               $ 1,000                     Deductible  For Each  Covered   Trailer
            Fire               Least  Of Actual Cash  Value, Cost  Of Repair, Or                   $
                               $                           Limit Of Insurance
                               $                           Deductible  For Each  Covered   Trailer
            Fire And  Theft    Least  Of Actual Cash  Value, Cost  Of Repair, Or                   $
                               $                           Limit Of Insurance
                               $                           Deductible  For Each  Covered   Trailer
             Information required to complete this Schedule, if not shown above, will be shown in the Declarations.
            CA  23 98 10 13                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2011                       Page  1 of 3  CA 23 98 10 13 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2011 Page 1 of 3
--- Page 2 ---
This  endorsement   provides  only  the coverage   for        2. We   have  the  right and duty  to defend  any
            which a premium  is shown  in the Schedule.                      "insured"  against  a  "suit" asking for  these
                                                                             damages.   However,  we have  no duty to defend
            A. Coverage
                                                                             any  "insured" against a "suit" seeking damages
                1. We  will pay all sums you legally must pay  as
                                                                             for any "loss" to which this insurance does not
                   damages   because  of "loss" to a  "trailer" you
                                                                             apply. We  may  investigate and settle any claim
                   don't own or its equipment under:
                                                                             or "suit" as we consider appropriate. Our  duty
                   a. Comprehensive    Coverage                              to defend  or settle ends for a coverage  when
                                                                             the  Limit of Insurance  for that coverage has
                      From  any cause  except:
                                                                             been  exhausted   by payment   of judgments  or
                     (1) The   "trailer's" collision with another
                                                                             settlements.
                         object; or
                                                                          3. Coverage   Extensions
                     (2) The  "trailer's" overturn.
                                                                             The    following  applies  as   Supplementary
                   b. Specified  Causes  Of Loss  Coverage
                                                                             Payments.  We  will pay for you:
                      Caused  by:
                                                                              a. All expenses we incur.
                     (1) Fire, lightning or explosion;
                                                                             b.  The cost  of bonds to release attachments,
                                                                                 but only for bond amounts   within our Limit
                     (2) Theft;
                                                                                 of Insurance.
                     (3) Windstorm,  hail or earthquake;
                                                                              c. All reasonable  expenses   incurred  at our
                     (4) Flood;
                                                                                 request, including actual loss of earnings up
                     (5) Mischief or vandalism; or                               to $250  a  day  because  of time  off from
                                                                                 work.
                     (6) The    sinking,  burning,   collision or
                         derailment     of    any     conveyance             d.  All court costs taxed against the "insured" in
                         transporting the "trailer".                             any "suit" against the "insured" we defend.
                                                                                 However,  these  payments   do  not include
                   c. Collision Coverage
                                                                                 attorneys' fees   or  attorneys'  expenses
                      Caused  by:
                                                                                 taxed against the "insured".
                     (1) The   "trailer's" collision with another
                                                                              e. All interest on  the  full amount   of any
                         object; or
                                                                                 judgment  that accrues   after entry of the
                     (2) The  "trailer's" overturn.                              judgment; but our duty to pay interest ends
                                                                                 when   we  have  paid,  offered to pay,  or
                   d. Fire Coverage
                                                                                 deposited in court the part of the judgment
                      Caused  by:
                                                                                 that is within our Limit of Insurance.
                     (1) Fire, lightning or explosion; or
                                                                             These   payments   will not reduce the Limit of
                     (2) The    sinking,  burning,   collision or            Insurance.
                         derailment     of    any     conveyance
                                                                       B. Exclusions
                         transporting the "trailer".
                                                                          1. We  will not pay for "loss" caused by or resulting
                   e. Fire And  Theft Coverage
                                                                             from   any  of  the following. Such   "loss" is
                      Caused  by:                                            excluded   regardless  of any  other  cause  or
                                                                             event  that contributes concurrently or  in any
                     (1) Fire, lightning or explosion;
                                                                             sequence   to the "loss".
                     (2) Theft; or
                                                                              a. Nuclear Hazard
                     (3) The    sinking,  burning,   collision or
                                                                                (1) The explosion  of any weapon  employing
                         derailment     of    any     conveyance
                                                                                    atomic fission or fusion; or
                         transporting the "trailer".
                                                                                (2) Nuclear    reaction  or   radiation,  or
                                                                                    radioactive   contamination,    however
                                                                                    caused.
            Page  2 of 3                         © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2011                   CA  23 98 10 13  Page 2 of 3 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2011 CA 23 98 10 13
--- Page 3 ---
b. War  Or Military Action                             2. The  cost of repairing or replacing the damaged
                                                                             or  stolen property with other property  of like
                     (1) War, including undeclared or civil war;
                                                                             kind and quality.
                     (2) Warlike   action  by  a   military force,
                                                                          3. The    Limit  Of   Insurance   shown    in  the
                         including   action   in   hindering   or
                                                                             Declarations.
                         defending  against an actual or expected
                         attack, by any government,  sovereign or      D. Deductible
                         other  authority using military personnel
                                                                          For each covered  "trailer", our obligation to pay:
                         or other agents; or
                                                                          1. The   actual cash  value  of  the damaged    or
                     (3) Insurrection,    rebellion,   revolution,
                                                                             stolen property as of the time of the "loss" will
                         usurped   power    or  action  taken  by
                                                                             be  reduced by the applicable deductible shown
                         governmental   authority in hindering or
                                                                             in the Declarations;
                         defending  against any of these.
                                                                          2. The  cost of repairing or replacing the damaged
                2. We  will not pay for loss of use.
                                                                             or stolen property with property of like kind and
                3. Other Exclusions                                          quality  will be  reduced   by  the  applicable
                                                                             deductible shown  in the Declarations; or
                   We  will not pay for "loss" due and confined to:
                                                                          3. The  damages    for "loss" that would otherwise
                   a. Wear   and  tear, freezing,  mechanical  or
                                                                             be  payable  will be reduced  by the applicable
                      electrical breakdown.
                                                                             deductible shown   in the Schedule  prior to the
                   b. Blowouts,  punctures or other road damage
                                                                             application of the Limit Of Insurance shown  in
                      to tires.
                                                                             the Declarations.
                   This  exclusion  does   not  apply   to  "loss"
                                                                       E. Additional  Definitions
                   resulting from  the total theft of  a covered
                                                                          As used  in this endorsement:
                   "auto".
                                                                          "Trailer" includes a semitrailer or a dolly used to
            C. Limit Of Insurance
                                                                          convert a  semitrailer into a trailer. But for Trailer
               The  most  we will pay for "loss" to any one "trailer"
                                                                          Interchange  Coverage  only, "trailer" also includes
               is the least of the following amounts:
                                                                          a container.
                1. The  actual  cash  value  of the  damaged   or
                   stolen property at the time of the "loss".
            CA  23 98 10 13                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2011                       Page  3of  3  CA 23 98 10 13 © Insurance Services Office, Inc., 2011 Page 3 of 3