POLICY   NUMBER:    CPP  0000999   00                                                     COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                            CA  31 33 06  17
                  THIS   ENDORSEMENT          CHANGES       THE   POLICY.     PLEASE      READ    IT CAREFULLY.
                             MONTANA              UNDERINSURED                     MOTORISTS
                                        COVERAGE                –   NONSTACKED
            For a covered  "auto" licensed or principally garaged in, or "auto dealer operations" conducted in, Montana, this
            endorsement   modifies insurance provided under the following:
               AUTO   DEALERS    COVERAGE     FORM
               BUSINESS    AUTO   COVERAGE     FORM
               MOTOR    CARRIER    COVERAGE     FORM
            With  respect to coverage  provided  by this endorsement,   the provisions of the Coverage   Form  apply  unless
            modified by the endorsement.
            This endorsement  changes  the Policy effective on the inception date of the Policy unless another date is indicated
            below.
             Named   Insured: ACME   TRUCKING     LLC
             Endorsement   Effective Date:  01/15/2026
                                                              SCHEDULE
             Limit Of Insurance:   $                                           Each  "Accident"
             Information required to complete this Schedule, if not shown above, will be shown in the Declarations.
            A. Coverage                                                      b.  A  tentative settlement  has   been   made
                                                                                 between  an "insured" and the insurer of an
                1. We  will pay all sums  the "insured" is legally
                                                                                 "underinsured motor vehicle" and we:
                   entitled to recover as compensatory  damages
                   from the owner  or  driver of an "underinsured               (1) Have  been  given  prompt  written notice
                   motor vehicle". The damages   must  result from                  of such tentative settlement; and
                   "bodily injury" sustained   by  the   "insured"
                                                                                (2) Advance  payment   to the "insured" in an
                   caused   by  an  "accident". The   owner's  or
                                                                                    amount  equal to the tentative settlement
                   driver's liability for these damages must result
                                                                                    within   30   days   after   receipt  of
                   from the ownership, maintenance   or use of the
                                                                                    notification.
                   "underinsured motor vehicle".
                                                                          3. Any   judgment  for damages   arising out  of a
                2. We   will pay  under   this coverage   only  if
                                                                             "suit" brought without our written consent is not
                   Paragraph  a. or b. below applies:
                                                                             binding on us.
                   a. The  limit of any applicable liability bonds or
                      policies has been exhausted  by payment   of
                      judgments  or settlements; or
            CA  31 33 06 17                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2016                       Page  1 of 3
--- Page 2 ---
B. Who   Is An Insured                                           b.  Any  "family member"  while "occupying"  or
                                                                                 when  struck by any  vehicle owned  by that
               If  the  Named    Insured  is  designated   in the
                                                                                 "family member" that is not a covered "auto"
               Declarations as:
                                                                                 for Underinsured Motorists Coverage  under
                1. An individual, then the following are "insureds":
                                                                                 this Coverage Form; or
                   a. The   Named    Insured   and   any   "family
                                                                              c. Any  "family member"  while "occupying"  or
                      members".
                                                                                 when  struck by any  vehicle owned   by the
                   b. Anyone   else "occupying" a  covered "auto"                Named     Insured   that  is  insured   for
                      or a  temporary   substitute for a covered                 Underinsured   Motorists  Coverage   on   a
                      "auto". The covered  "auto" must  be out  of               primary basis  under  any  other Coverage
                      service because   of its breakdown,  repair,               Form  or policy.
                      servicing, "loss" or destruction.
                                                                          6. "Bodily injury" arising directly or indirectly out
                   c. Anyone  for damages  he or she is entitled to          of:
                      recover because  of "bodily injury" sustained
                                                                              a. War, including undeclared or civil war;
                      by another "insured".
                                                                             b.  Warlike action by a military force, including
                2. A   partnership,  limited  liability company,
                                                                                 action in hindering or defending against an
                   corporation or any other form  of organization,
                                                                                 actual  or   expected    attack,  by   any
                   then the following are "insureds":
                                                                                 government,   sovereign  or other  authority
                   a. Anyone   "occupying" a covered  "auto" or a                using military personnel or other agents; or
                      temporary  substitute for a covered  "auto".
                                                                              c. Insurrection, rebellion, revolution, usurped
                      The  covered  "auto" must be  out of service
                                                                                 power  or  action  taken  by  governmental
                      because  of its breakdown, repair, servicing,
                                                                                 authority in hindering or defending against
                      "loss" or destruction.
                                                                                 any of these.
                   b. Anyone  for damages  he or she is entitled to
                                                                       D. Limit Of Insurance
                      recover because  of "bodily injury" sustained
                                                                          1. Regardless   of the number  of covered "autos",
                      by another "insured".
                                                                             "insureds",  premiums   paid, claims  made   or
            C. Exclusions
                                                                             vehicles involved in the "accident", the most we
               This  insurance  does   not apply  to  any  of the            will pay for all damages resulting from any one
               following:                                                    "accident"  is  the  Limit  Of   Insurance  for
                                                                             Underinsured  Motorists Coverage  shown   in the
                1. Any   claim   settled  without  our   consent.
                                                                             Schedule  or Declarations.
                   However,  this exclusion does  not  apply to a
                   settlement  made    with  the  insurer  of  an         2. No   one  will be entitled to receive duplicate
                   "underinsured  motor  vehicle", in accordance             payments    for the same   elements   of  "loss"
                   with the  procedure  described   in Paragraph             under  this Coverage   Form   and  any  Liability
                   A.2.b.                                                    Coverage   form or Medical Payments  Coverage
                                                                             endorsement   attached to this Coverage Part.
                2. Punitive or exemplary damages.
                                                                             We   will not make  a duplicate payment  under
                3. The direct or indirect benefit of any insurer or
                                                                             this Coverage   for any  element  of  "loss" for
                   self-insurer under any workers' compensation,
                                                                             which   payment   has  been   made   by  or for
                   disability benefits or similar law.
                                                                             anyone  who  is legally responsible.
                4. Anyone  using  a vehicle without a reasonable
                                                                             We   will not pay for any element of "loss" if a
                   belief that the person is entitled to do so.
                                                                             person  is entitled to receive payment  for the
                5. With  respect to  damages   resulting from  an
                                                                             same   element   of "loss" under  any  workers'
                   "accident"  with   an   "underinsured    motor            compensation,  disability benefits or similar law.
                   vehicle", "bodily injury" sustained by:
                   a. An    individual  Named     Insured   while
                      "occupying"  or when  struck by any vehicle
                      owned  by  that Named  Insured that is not a
                      covered  "auto" for Underinsured  Motorists
                      Coverage  under  this Coverage Form;
            Page  2 of 3                         © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2016                   CA31   33 06 17
--- Page 3 ---
E. Changes   In Conditions                                       Our  rights do  not apply  under this provision
                                                                             with  respect   to  damages    caused   by   an
               The   Conditions  are  changed   for Underinsured
                                                                             "accident" with an "underinsured motor vehicle"
               Motorists Coverage  as follows:
                                                                             if we:
                1. Other  Insurance   in  the Auto  Dealers   and
                                                                              a. Have  been given prompt  written notice of a
                   Business  Auto  Coverage   Forms   and  Other
                                                                                 tentative settlement between  an  "insured"
                   Insurance  – Primary  And  Excess   Insurance
                                                                                 and the insurer of a vehicle described in the
                   Provisions   in the  Motor  Carrier  Coverage
                                                                                 definition of "underinsured motor  vehicle";
                   Form  are changed by addition of the following:
                                                                                 and
                   a. Reference   to "other collectible insurance"
                                                                             b.  Fail to advance payment  to the "insured" in
                      applies    only    to    other    collectible
                                                                                 an amount  equal to the tentative settlement
                      underinsured  motorists insurance.
                                                                                 within 30 days after receipt of notification.
                   b. Any  insurance we  provide with respect to a
                                                                             If we advance   payment  to the "insured" in an
                      vehicle owned  by the Named   Insured  or, if
                                                                             amount   equal to the tentative settlement within
                      the Named    Insured  is an  individual, any
                                                                             30 days  after receipt of notification:
                      "family member",   that  is not  a covered
                      "auto" for Underinsured Motorists Coverage              a. That  payment  will be  separate  from any
                      under  this Coverage Form,  shall be excess                amount  the "insured" is entitled to recover
                      over  any   other  collectible underinsured                under   the  provisions   of  Underinsured
                      motorists insurance  providing coverage  on                Motorists Coverage; and
                      a primary basis.
                                                                             b.  We   also  have   a  right to  recover  the
                2. Duties In The Event  Of Accident,  Claim, Suit                advance  payment.
                   Or  Loss   in the  Business  Auto  and   Motor
                                                                       F. Additional  Definitions
                   Carrier Coverage   Forms  and  Duties  In The
                                                                          As used  in this endorsement:
                   Event  Of  Accident,   Claim,  Offense,   Suit,
                   Loss  Or  Acts, Errors  Or  Omissions   in the         1. "Family member"   means  a person  related to an
                   Auto Dealers  Coverage  Form  are  changed  by            individual Named   Insured  by blood, marriage
                   adding the following:                                     or adoption, who  is a resident of such Named
                                                                             Insured's household,  including a ward or foster
                   a. Promptly  notify the police if a hit-and-run
                                                                             child.
                      driver is involved; and
                                                                          2. "Occupying"  means   in, upon, getting in, on, out
                   b. Promptly send  us copies of the legal papers
                                                                             or off.
                      if a "suit" is brought.
                                                                          3. "Underinsured   motor  vehicle" means   a  land
                   c. A person seeking  coverage  from an insurer,
                                                                             motor  vehicle  or "trailer" to which a liability
                      owner   or  operator  of an   "underinsured
                                                                             bond   or  policy applies  at the  time  of  an
                      motor  vehicle" must also promptly notify us
                                                                             "accident", but  the  amount  paid  under  that
                      in writing of a tentative settlement between
                                                                             bond  or policy to the "insured" is not enough to
                      the "insured" and  the insurer and allow us
                                                                             pay   the full amount   the  insured  is legally
                      to advance  payment  to that "insured" in an
                                                                             entitled to recover as damages.
                      amount   equal  to the tentative settlement
                      within 30 days after receipt of notification to        However,   "underinsured  motor  vehicle" does
                      preserve  our  rights against  the  insurer,           not include any vehicle:
                      owner  or operator of such vehicle.
                                                                              a. Owned   or operated by a self-insurer under
                3. Transfer  Of  Rights   Of  Recovery   Against                 any applicable motor  vehicle law, except a
                   Others   To  Us  is  changed   by  adding  the                self-insurer who  is or becomes   insolvent
                   following:                                                    and  cannot provide  the amounts   required
                                                                                 by that motor vehicle law;
                   If we make   any  payment   and  the  "insured"
                   recovers from another party, the "insured" shall          b.  Owned   by a governmental   unit or agency;
                   hold the proceeds  in trust for us and pay  us                or
                   back the amount  we have  paid.
                                                                              c. Designed  for use  mainly  off public roads
                                                                                 while not on public roads.
            CA  31 33 06 17                      © Insurance  Services Office, Inc., 2016                       Page  3of  3