POLICY   NUMBER:    CPP  0027570  00                                                      COMMERCIAL      AUTO
                                                                                                            CA  23 26 02 21
                  THIS   ENDORSEMENT          CHANGES       THE   POLICY.     PLEASE      READ    IT CAREFULLY.
                 WASHINGTON                   TRUCKERS               –  UNIFORM             INTERMODAL
                       INTERCHANGE                   ENDORSEMENT                      FORM         UIIE    –   1
            This endorsement  modifies insurance  provided under the following:
               BUSINESS    AUTO   COVERAGE     FORM
               MOTOR    CARRIER    COVERAGE     FORM
            With  respect to coverage  provided  by this endorsement,   the provisions of the Coverage   Form  apply  unless
            modified by the endorsement.
            This endorsement  changes  the Policy effective on the inception date of the Policy unless another date is indicated
            below.
             Named   Insured: SUPERHEROES       MOVING   &  STORAGE    LLC
             Endorsement   Effective Date:  07/05/2022
            It is agreed that such insurance as is afforded by the           b.  Exceptions
            Policy for Auto  Bodily Injury and Property  Damage
                                                                                 The foregoing indemnity  provision shall not
            Liability applies to liability assumed by the  named
                                                                                 apply  to the  extent Damages:    (i) occur
            insured, as "Motor Carrier Participant", under Section
                                                                                 during the presence of the Motor Carrier on
            F.4.  of the  Uniform   Intermodal  Interchange   and
                                                                                 the Facility Operator's premises   and  are
            Facilities Access  Agreement,   and  any  subsequent
                                                                                 caused  by  or result from the negligent or
            amendments   thereto:
                                                                                 intentional acts   or  omissions    of  the
              F.4. Indemnity                                                     Indemnitees,  their  agents,  "employees",
                                                                                 vendors  or third party invitees (excluding
                   a. Subject  to  the  exceptions  set  forth  in
                                                                                 Indemnitor); or (ii) are caused by or result
                      Subsection  (b) below, Motor Carrier agrees
                                                                                 from defects to the Equipment  with respect
                      to  defend,   hold   harmless,   and   fully
                                                                                 to items other than those set forth in Exhibit
                      indemnify  the Indemnitees  (without regard
                                                                                 A, unless such  defects were  caused  by or
                      to  whether   the  Indemnitees'  liability is
                                                                                 resulted from  the negligent  or intentional
                      vicarious, implied by law, or as a result of
                                                                                 acts or omissions  of the Motor Carrier, its
                      the fault or negligence of the Indemnitees),
                                                                                 agents,    "employees",     vendors,     or
                      against  any  and  all claims, "suits", loss,
                                                                                 subcontractors   during   the  Interchange
                      damage   or liability, for "bodily injury", death
                                                                                 Period.
                      and/or "property damage"  (other than cargo
                      loss, damage,    or delay  unrelated   to a      Subject to the following provisions:
                      commercial     motor   vehicle   "accident"
                                                                          1. The  limit of the company's  liability under this
                      involving the Motor  Carrier or theft of the
                                                                             Policy for damages   because  of "bodily injury"
                      cargo   during  the   Interchange   Period),
                                                                             and  "property damage"   arising out of the use,
                      including  reasonable   attorney  fees  and
                                                                             operation,   maintenance    or  possession   of
                      costs  incurred in the  defense  against  a
                                                                             interchange  equipment  shall be the applicable
                      claim or "suit", or incurred because of the
                                                                             amount   stated below and designated  by an "x"
                      wrongful failure to defend against a claim or
                                                                             unless  a greater amount  is otherwise stated in
                      "suit", or   in   enforcing  Section    F.4.
                                                                             the Policy as applicable to such "bodily injury"
                      (collectively, the "Damages"), caused by or
                                                                             or "property damage".
                      resulting from the  Motor Carrier's: use or
                      maintenance   of the  Equipment  during  an
                      Interchange Period; and/or presence  on the
                      Facility Operator's premises.
            CA  23 26 02 21                      © Insurance Services  Office, Inc., 2020                       Page  1 of 2
--- Page 2 ---
b.  Upon   cancellation or  termination of  the
                                                                                 Policy of which this endorsement   forms  a
                X
                 Single  Limit "Bodily Injury" And  "Property
                                                                                 part, furnish a notice of such cancellation or
                 Damage"    (Or The Equivalent)
                                                                                 termination not less than 45  days  prior to
               $  1,000,000                    Each  "Accident"                  the effective date of such  cancellation or
                                                                                 termination, such  notice to be  mailed  to
                                                                                 said President at the above address.
               2.  The company   shall:
                   a. Upon  issuance  of this endorsement, furnish
                      to   the    President,    The    Intermodal
                      Association   of  North   America,   11785
                      Beltsville Drive, Suite 1100, Calverton, MD
                      20705-4049,  a properly executed Certificate
                      of Insurance which  carries the notation that
                      the  company   has  issued  to  the  named
                      insured  Motor  Carrier a policy of  liability
                      insurance; and
            Page  2 of 2                         © Insurance Services  Office, Inc., 2020                   CA  23 26 02 21