POLICY   NUMBER:    CPP  0015500   02                                                   COMMERCIAL     AUTO
                                                                                                           CA  21 05 08 24
                  THIS   ENDORSEMENT          CHANGES       THE   POLICY.     PLEASE      READ    IT CAREFULLY.
                     OREGON            UNINSURED                MOTORISTS                COVERAGE                –
                                                     BODILY         INJURY
            For a covered  "auto" licensed or principally garaged in, or "auto dealer operations" conducted in, Oregon,  this
            endorsement   modifies insurance provided under the following:
               AUTO   DEALERS    COVERAGE     FORM
               BUSINESS    AUTO   COVERAGE     FORM
               MOTOR    CARRIER    COVERAGE     FORM
            With respect to coverage provided by this endorsement, the provisions of the Coverage Form apply unless modified
            by the endorsement.
            This endorsement  changes  the Policy effective on the inception date of the Policy unless another date is indicated
            below.
             Named   Insured:  BETTS   CONCRETE     INC
             Endorsement    Effective Date:  02/19/2016
                                                              SCHEDULE
             Limit Of Insurance:    $350,000                                    Each  "Accident"
             Information required to complete this Schedule, if not shown above, will be shown in the Declarations.
            A. Coverage                                                      b.  A  tentative settlement  has   been  made
                                                                                 between  an "insured" and the insurer of the
               1.  We  will pay all sums  the "insured" is legally
                                                                                 vehicle described  in Paragraph   b. of the
                   entitled to recover as compensatory  damages
                                                                                 definition of "uninsured motor vehicle" and
                   from the owner or driver of an "uninsured motor
                                                                                 we:
                   vehicle". The damages  must  result from "bodily
                   injury" sustained by the "insured" caused by an              (1) Have  been given prompt  written notice of
                   "accident". The owner's  or driver's liability for               such tentative settlement; and
                   these damages  must  result from the ownership,
                                                                                (2) Advance  payment   to the "insured" in an
                   maintenance   or use  of the "uninsured  motor
                                                                                    amount  equal to the tentative settlement
                   vehicle".
                                                                                    within 30 days after receipt of notification.
               2.  With  respect to  damages   resulting from  an
                                                                          3. Any  judgment for damages  arising out of a "suit"
                   "accident" with a vehicle described in Paragraph
                                                                             brought   without our  written consent   is not
                   b. of the definition of "uninsured motor vehicle",
                                                                             binding on us.
                   we  will  pay  under   this coverage   only  if
                   Paragraph  a. or b. below applies:
                   a. The  limit of any applicable liability policies
                      has   been   exhausted    by   payment   of
                      judgments  or settlements; or
             CA  21 05 08 24                     © Insurance Services  Office, Inc., 2024                      Page  1 of 5
--- Page 2 ---
B. Who   Is An Insured                                           c.  Any  "family member"  while "occupying"  or
                                                                                 when  struck by  any vehicle owned   by  an
               If  the  Named    Insured  is  designated   in the
                                                                                 individual Named  Insured that is insured for
               Declarations as:
                                                                                 Uninsured Motorists Coverage  on  a primary
               1.  An individual, then the following are "insureds":
                                                                                 basis under  any  other Coverage   Form  or
                   a. The   Named    Insured   and   any   "family               policy.
                      members".
                                                                          4. Anyone   using a  vehicle without a reasonable
                   b. Anyone  else "occupying" a covered "auto" or           belief that the person is entitled to do so.
                      a temporary  substitute for a covered "auto".
                                                                          5. Punitive or exemplary damages.
                      The  covered  "auto" must be  out of service
                                                                          6. "Bodily injury" arising directly or indirectly out of:
                      because  of its breakdown, repair, servicing,
                      "loss" or destruction.                                 a.  War, including undeclared or civil war;
                   c. Anyone   else  "occupying"  an   "auto" the            b.  Warlike action by a military force, including
                      Named   Insured is operating.                              action in hindering or defending against an
                                                                                 actual  or   expected    attack,  by   any
                   d. Anyone  for damages  he or she is entitled to
                                                                                 government,  sovereign   or other authority
                      recover because  of "bodily injury" sustained
                                                                                 using military personnel or other agents; or
                      by another "insured".
                                                                             c.  Insurrection, rebellion, revolution, usurped
               2.  A   partnership,  limited  liability company,
                                                                                 power,  or action  taken  by  governmental
                   corporation or any other form  of organization,
                                                                                 authority in hindering or defending against
                   then the following are "insureds":
                                                                                 any of these.
                   a. Anyone   "occupying" a covered  "auto" or a
                                                                       D. Limit Of Insurance
                      temporary  substitute for a covered  "auto".
                      The  covered  "auto" must be  out of service        1. Regardless   of the number  of covered "autos",
                      because  of its breakdown, repair, servicing,          "insureds", premiums    paid, claims  made   or
                      "loss" or destruction.                                 vehicles involved in the "accident", the most we
                                                                             will pay for all damages resulting from any one
                   b. Anyone  for damages  he or she is entitled to
                                                                             "accident"  is  the  Limit  Of   Insurance  for
                      recover because  of "bodily injury" sustained
                                                                             Uninsured   Motorists Coverage   shown   in the
                      by another "insured".
                                                                             Schedule  or Declarations.
            C. Exclusions
                                                                          2. We  will provide primary insurance for a vehicle
               This  insurance  does   not apply  to  any  of the
                                                                             that you do not own if such vehicle is owned by
               following:
                                                                             a  self-insurer as qualified under the  Oregon
               1.  Any claim settled without our consent. However,           Financial Responsibility Law.
                   this exclusion does not  apply to a settlement
                                                                          3. No   one  will be entitled to receive duplicate
                   made  with the insurer of a vehicle described in
                                                                             payments   for the same elements of "loss" under
                   Paragraph  b.  of the definition of "uninsured
                                                                             this Coverage  Form  and any Liability Coverage
                   motor vehicle" in accordance with the procedure
                                                                             form,     Medical      Payments      Coverage
                   described in Paragraph A.2.b.
                                                                             endorsement,     Personal    Injury  Protection
               2.  The direct or indirect benefit of any insurer or          Coverage   endorsement  or Uninsured  Motorists
                   self-insurer under any workers' compensation,             Coverage   endorsement.
                   disability benefits or similar law.
                                                                             We  will not make a duplicate payment under this
               3.  "Bodily injury" sustained by:                             coverage   for any element  of "loss" for which
                                                                             payment   has been  made  by or for anyone who
                   a. An    individual  Named     Insured   while
                                                                             is legally responsible.
                      "occupying"  or when  struck by any vehicle
                      owned  by  that Named  Insured that is not a           We   will not pay for any element of "loss" if a
                      covered   "auto"  for Uninsured   Motorists            person  is entitled to receive payment  for the
                      Coverage  under  this Coverage Form;                   same   element   of "loss" under  any  workers'
                                                                             compensation,  disability benefits or similar law.
                   b. Any  "family member"   while "occupying" or
                      when  struck by any  vehicle owned  by  that
                      "family member"  that is not a covered "auto"
                      for Uninsured Motorists Coverage  under this
                      Coverage  Form;  or
             Page  2 of 5                        © Insurance Services  Office, Inc., 2024                  CA  21 05 08 24
--- Page 3 ---
E. Changes   In Conditions                                       b.  If a "stolen vehicle"  is involved, you  or
                                                                                 someone   on  your  behalf must  cooperate
               The   Conditions   are   changed   for  Uninsured
                                                                                 with  the  appropriate   law   enforcement
               Motorists Coverage  as follows:
                                                                                 agency  in the prosecution of the theft of the
               1.  Other  Insurance   in  the Auto  Dealers   and
                                                                                 vehicle.
                   Business  Auto  Coverage   Forms   and  Other
                                                                             c.  Promptly send us  copies of the legal papers
                   Insurance  – Primary  And  Excess   Insurance
                                                                                 if a "suit" is brought.
                   Provisions  in the Motor Carrier Coverage Form
                   are replaced by the following:                            d.  A person  seeking coverage   from a vehicle
                                                                                 described in Paragraph b. of the definition of
                   If there is other applicable insurance available
                                                                                 "uninsured   motor   vehicle"   must   also
                   under  one  or more  policies or provisions of
                                                                                 promptly notify us in writing of a tentative
                   coverage:
                                                                                 settlement between   the "insured" and  the
                   a. Any  insurance we  provide with respect to a
                                                                                 insurer of the vehicle described in Paragraph
                      vehicle the Named    Insured does  not own
                                                                                 b. of  the definition of "uninsured  motor
                      shall be excess  over  any other  collectible
                                                                                 vehicle" and allow advance payment   to that
                      uninsured   motorists  insurance  providing
                                                                                 "insured" in an amount equal to the tentative
                      coverage  on a primary basis.
                                                                                 settlement within 30  days  after receipt of
                   b. When  coverage  provided under  a certificate              notification to preserve our rights against the
                      of self-insurance  is available, any  motor                insurer, owner or operator  of such vehicle
                      vehicle  liability insurance  or  uninsured                described in Paragraph b. of the definition of
                      motorists coverage  we provide  will be on a               "uninsured motor vehicle".
                      primary basis unless otherwise agreed  to by
                                                                          3. Legal  Action  Against  Us  is replaced  by the
                      the self-insurer.
                                                                             following:
                   c. If the coverage under this Coverage Form  is
                                                                             Legal  Action Against  Us
                      provided:
                                                                             a.  No one  may  bring a legal action against us
                     (1) On  a primary basis, we will pay only our
                                                                                 under this Coverage   Form  until there has
                         share  of the loss that must be paid under
                                                                                 been full compliance with all the terms of this
                         insurance   providing  coverage    on  a
                                                                                 Coverage  Form.
                         primary basis. Our share is the proportion
                                                                             b.  No  cause   of action  shall accrue  to  an
                         that our limit of liability bears to the total
                                                                                 "insured" under this coverage unless within
                         of  all applicable limits of liability for
                                                                                 two years from the date of the "accident":
                         coverage  on a primary basis.
                                                                                (1) Agreement   as to the amount  due under
                     (2) On  an excess  basis, we will pay only our
                                                                                    this Coverage Form  has been concluded;
                         share  of the loss that must be paid under
                         insurance   providing  coverage   on  an               (2) We    or  the  "insured"  has   formally
                         excess  basis. Our share is the proportion                 instituted arbitration proceedings;
                         that our limit of liability bears to the total
                                                                                (3) The "insured" has filed an action against
                         of  all applicable limits of liability for
                                                                                    us; or
                         coverage  on an excess  basis.
                                                                                (4) An action for "bodily injury" has been filed
               2.  Duties In The Event  Of Accident,  Claim, Suit
                                                                                    against  the  uninsured   motorist  and,
                   Or Loss  in the Business Auto and Motor Carrier
                                                                                    within  two  years  from  the  "date  of
                   Coverage  Forms  and  Duties In The  Event  Of
                                                                                    settlement" or  "final judgment" against
                   Accident, Claim, Offense,  Suit, Loss Or Acts,
                                                                                    the uninsured motorist, the "insured" has:
                   Errors  Or  Omissions    in the  Auto  Dealers
                                                                                   (a) Formally      instituted   arbitration
                   Coverage   Form  are  changed   by adding  the
                                                                                       proceedings  against us; or
                   following:
                                                                                   (b) Filed an action against us.
                   a. If a "stolen  vehicle" or a  hit-and-run or
                      phantom   vehicle is involved,  the Named
                      Insured   or  someone    on   that  Named
                      Insured's behalf shall report the "accident" to
                      the  appropriate law  enforcement   agency
                      within 72 hours of the "accident".
             CA  21 05 08 24                     © Insurance Services  Office, Inc., 2024                      Page  3 of 5
--- Page 4 ---
4.  Transfer  Of  Rights   Of  Recovery   Against             b.  Unless   both   parties  agree   otherwise,
                   Others To  Us is replaced by the following:                   arbitration will take place in either of the
                                                                                 following, at the election of the "insured":
                   Transfer Of Rights  Of Recovery  Against
                   Others  To Us                                                (1) The county  where the "insured" lives; or
                   If we make   any  payment   and  the "insured"               (2) The  county where  the "insured's" cause
                   recovers from another party, the "insured" shall                 of action against the owner  or driver of
                   hold the proceeds in trust for us and pay us back                the "uninsured motor vehicle" arose.
                   the amount we  have paid.
                                                                                 Local rules of law as to arbitration procedure
                   Our rights do not apply under this provision with             and evidence  will apply. A decision agreed
                   respect to damages   caused  by  an "accident"                to by two of the arbitrators will be binding.
                   with a vehicle described in Paragraph b. of the
                                                                             c.  We   will pay  all arbitration costs to  an
                   definition of "uninsured motor vehicle" if we:
                                                                                 "insured" in excess of $100. Arbitration costs
                   a. Have  been  given prompt written notice of a               to an "insured" shall not include attorneys'
                      tentative settlement between   an "insured"                fees or any expenses  incurred in producing
                      and  the insurer of a  vehicle described  in               evidence or witnesses or making  transcripts
                      Paragraph  b. of the definition of "uninsured              of the arbitration proceedings.
                      motor vehicle"; and
                                                                       F. Additional Definitions
                   b. Fail to advance payment  to the "insured" in
                                                                          As used  in this endorsement:
                      an amount  equal  to the tentative settlement
                                                                          1. "Date of settlement" meansthe   date on which a
                      within 30 days after receipt of notification.
                                                                             written  settlement agreement    or release  is
                   If we advance  payment   to the "insured" in an
                                                                             signed  by an  "insured" or, in the absence  of
                   amount  equal to the tentative settlement within
                                                                             such   documents,   the   date  on  which   the
                   30 days after receipt of notification:
                                                                             "insured"  or  the attorney  for the  "insured"
                   a. That  payment   will be separate  from  any            receives  payment  of any sum   required by the
                      amount  the "insured" is entitled to recover           settlement agreement.
                      under the provisions of this coverage; and
                                                                          2. "Family member"   means  a person  related to an
                   b. We  also have a right to recover the advance           individual Named  Insured by blood, marriage or
                      payment.                                               adoption,  who  is a  resident of such  Named
                                                                             Insured's household,  including a ward or foster
               5.  The  Two    Or  More   Coverage    Forms    Or
                                                                             child.
                   Policies Issued By  Us General  Condition does
                   not apply.                                             3. "Final judgment"  means   a judgment   that has
                                                                             become   final by lapse of time for appeal or by
               6.  The following condition is added:
                                                                             entry  in an  appellate court  of an  appellate
                   Arbitration
                                                                             judgment.
                   a. If we and an "insured" disagree whether the
                                                                          4. "Occupancy"   means  in, upon, getting in, on, out
                      "insured"  is  legally entitled to  recover
                                                                             or off.
                      damages   from  the owner   or driver of an
                                                                          5. "Uninsured  motor vehicle" means  a land motor
                      "uninsured motor vehicle" or do not agree as
                                                                             vehicle or "trailer":
                      to  the  amount    of  damages    that  are
                      recoverable  by  that  "insured", then  the            a.  For which no liability policy at the time of an
                      matter may  be arbitrated. However, disputes               "accident" provides  at least the amounts
                      concerning      coverage     under      this               required by  the  applicable law  where   a
                      endorsement   may   not be  arbitrated. Both               covered "auto" is principally garaged;
                      parties must agree to an arbitration and to be
                                                                             b.  That is an underinsured  motor  vehicle. An
                      bound  by  the results of that arbitration. If
                                                                                 underinsured motor  vehicle is a land motor
                      both parties so agree, then  each party will
                                                                                 vehicle or "trailer" to which a liability policy
                      select an arbitrator. The two arbitrators will
                                                                                 applies at the time of an "accident", but the
                      select a third. If they cannot agree within 30
                                                                                 amount  paid  for "bodily injury" under that
                      days, either may  request that selection be
                                                                                 policy to the "insured" is not enough to pay
                      made    by  a  judge   of  a  court  having
                                                                                 the full amount   the  "insured" is  legally
                      jurisdiction. Each party will pay the expenses
                                                                                 entitled to recover as damages;
                      it incurs and bear the expenses  of the third
                      arbitrator equally.
             Page  4 of 5                        © Insurance Services  Office, Inc., 2024                  CA  21 05 08 24
--- Page 5 ---
c. For  which  an   insuring company    denies            However,   "uninsured motor  vehicle" does  not
                      coverage,     becomes      voluntarily   or            include any vehicle:
                      involuntarily bankrupt   or  is  placed   in
                                                                             a.  Owned   by  the United  States of America,
                      receivership;
                                                                                 Canada,  a  state, a political subdivision of
                   d. That is a hit-and-run vehicle and neither the              any such  government  or an  agency  of any
                      driver nor  owner  can  be  identified. The                such  government    unless  the  vehicle is
                      vehicle must  hit an  "insured", a covered                 owned  by an Oregon  public body;
                      "auto"  or   a  vehicle   an  "insured"   is
                                                                             b.  Designed  for use  mainly  off public roads
                      "occupying". However,  in the event that a hit-
                                                                                 while not on public roads;
                      and-run vehicle causes  "bodily injury" to an
                                                                             c.  Operated  on rails or crawler treads;
                      "insured" without  hitting the "insured", a
                      covered  "auto" or a vehicle the "insured" is          d.  While  located for use  as  a residence  or
                      "occupying", the facts of the "accident" must              premises and  not as a vehicle; or
                      be  corroborated  by  competent   evidence
                                                                             e.  Owned   by or  furnished for the regular or
                      other  than the  testimony  of any   person
                                                                                 frequent use of you or any "family member".
                      having   an   uninsured    motorists  claim
                      resulting from the "accident";                      6. "Stolen vehicle" means:
                   e. That is a "stolen vehicle"; or                         a.  A  covered  "auto" that is being  operated
                                                                                 without the consent of the "insured"; and
                   f. That is owned or operated by a self-insurer:
                                                                             b.  At the time of the "accident", the operator
                     (1) That  is not  in compliance   with  ORS
                                                                                 has no collectible liability insurance.
                         806.130  (1)(c); or
                     (2) That   becomes   insolvent  and   cannot
                         provide  the amounts   required  by  that
                         motor  vehicle law.
             CA  21 05 08 24                     © Insurance Services  Office, Inc., 2024                      Page  5 of 5